With effect from 1 May 2004, the new Member States shall withdraw from any free trade agreements with third countries, including the Central European Free Trade Agreement. - (b) 7. 3. Article 10 Any initiative taken by the European Council on the basis of paragraphs 1 or 2 shall be notified to the national Parliaments. Such consultations shall, where appropriate, take into account the regional and local dimension of the action envisaged. They shall contribute to the implementation of the right of European citizens to protection in the territory of third countries as referred to in Article I-10(2)(c) and the measures adopted pursuant to Article III-127. 4. 4. 1. The Conference considers that the possibility of producing translations of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe in the languages mentioned in Article IV-448(2) contributes to fulfilling the objective of respecting the Union's rich cultural and linguistic diversity as set forth in the fourth subparagraph of Article I-3(3) of that Treaty. area of freedom, security and justice; The Presidents shall take all the necessary steps to promote consultation and the reconciliation of the positions of the institutions over which they preside in order to facilitate the implementation of this Chapter. The qualified majority referred to in the second subparagraph shall be defined as at least 55 % of these members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. * On 26 March, Parliament approved the Commission proposal to temporarily suspend EU rules concerning airport slots, in order to stop so-called ghost flights. At the end of the financial year the Board of Directors shall submit a report to the Board of Governors and shall publish it when approved. Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe NA DÔKAZ TOHO dolupodpísaní splnomocnení zástupcovia podpísali túto zmluvu In applying the agreements referred to in the first paragraph, Member States shall take into account the fact that the advantages accorded under the Constitution by each Member State form an integral part of the Union and are thereby inseparably linked with the creation of institutions on which powers have been conferred by the Constitution and the granting of identical advantages by all the other Member States. It shall promote scientific and technological advance. Prime Minister They also ask for students to be supported to ensure that they do not lose this academic year and can obtain the necessary academic credits via virtual learning. PROTOCOL ON ARTICLE I-41(2) OF THE CONSTITUTION (b) Their independence must be beyond doubt. "Information and communication are crucial in tackling the current health and economic crisis brought about by the Coronavirus pandemic", stated European Parliament Vice-Presidents, Othmar Karas (AT, EPP) and Katarina Barley (DE, S&D) today, after two months of concerted EU efforts to tackle the pandemic. However, if the Council considers that the conditions of participation have not been fulfilled, it shall indicate the arrangements to be adopted to fulfil those conditions and shall set a deadline for re-examining the request for participation. Such action shall cover: Article I-20 Edible vegetables and certain roots and tubers They shall not exceed seven hundred and fifty in number. Niniejszy Akt Ko´ncowy zostal równiez podpisany przez Pa´nstwa kandydujace do przystapienia do Unii Europejskiej, bedace obserwatorami przy Konferencji: to apply the relevant provisions of their tax law which distinguish between taxpayers who are not in the same situation with regard to their place of residence or with regard to the place where their capital is invested; For the purposes of this Article, the European Parliament shall act by a two-thirds majority of the votes cast, representing the majority of its component members. The Bank may provide for arbitration in any contract.2. Any measure or provision, not based on prudential considerations, establishing privileged access by Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, central governments, regional, local or other public authorities, other bodies governed by public law, or public undertakings of Member States to financial institutions shall be prohibited. Article 13 (b) &#x2018; For the purpose of this article the term &#x201C; forced or compulsory labour &#x201D; shall not include: 37,8 Everyone has the right of access to preventive health care and the right to benefit from medical treatment under the conditions established by national laws and practices. 2. Article III-308 Article I-14 Claims that the product is: "only available today", "sells out fast", etc. (c) In cases requiring a rapid decision, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, of the Minister's own motion or at the request of a Member State, shall convene an extraordinary meeting of the Council within forty-eight hours or, in an emergency, within a shorter period. Protocol on the financial consequences of the expiry of the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community and on the Research Fund for Coal and Steel 24. The Court of Justice may order that a witness or expert be heard by the judicial authority of his place of permanent residence. Calls on the Member States and the Commission to promote social dialogue and collective bargaining in the response to the COVID-19 crisis as well as to ensure that the social partners are fully involved in the design and the implementation of the measures taken; calls on the Member States to take the necessary actions to safeguard jobs, working conditions and wages, including measures for short-time work, income Commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which, for those States which are members of it, remains the foundation of their collective defence and the forum for its implementation. (b) Upon adoption, legislative resolutions of the European Parliament and positions of the Council shall be forwarded by them to national Parliaments. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt European regulations or decisions to set up joint undertakings or any other structure necessary for the efficient execution of the Union's research, technological development and demonstration programmes. the information and consultation of workers; Article III-331 Natural or legal persons shall not intervene in cases between Member States, between institutions of the Union or between Member States and institutions of the Union. shall ensure the preparation and continuity of the work of the European Council in cooperation with the President of the Commission, and on the basis of the work of the General Affairs Council; - In those sectors in which Denmark places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in Member States and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. Provisions on cotton 5. Furthermore, the Conference notes that on the basis of the Declaration by the Conference on Articles I-43 and III-329 of the Constitution, Denmark declares that Danish participation in actions or legal acts pursuant to Articles I-43 and III-329 will take place in accordance with Part I and Part II of the Protocol on the position of Denmark. Explanation The subscribed capital shall be paid in by Member States to the extent of 5 % on average of the amounts laid down in Article 4(1).2. 10. 3. (b) 12 protection and improvement of human health; when adopting a European decision implementing a European decision defining a Union action or position; MEPs called on the European Commission and the Council to make sure that all actions taken by member states are in line with EU values and treaties. Revenue is expected to drop 50% for hotels and restaurants, 70% for tour operators and travel agencies and 90% for cruises and airlines. (b) In accordance with Article III-383(3) of the Constitution, the European Central Bank shall address an annual report on the activities of the European System of Central Banks and on the monetary policy of both the previous and the current year to the European Parliament, the European Council, the Council and the Commission.4. Article 36 The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction in actions on grounds of infringement of the principle of subsidiarity by a European legislative act, brought in accordance with the rules laid down in Article III-365 of the Constitution by Member States, or notified by them in accordance with their legal order on behalf of their national Parliament or a chamber of it. 2. 2. CHAPTER 9 It may, in particular, acquire or dispose of movable or immovable property and may be a party to legal proceedings.2. European Ombudsman National authorities will be able to adjust their aid schemes to reduce the risk of contamination. Article I-22 European laws shall determine the provisions for the procedures and conditions required for such a citizens' initiative, including the minimum number of Member States from which such citizens must come. Article 49 The Council shall confirm the participation of the Member State concerned, after consulting the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and after noting, where necessary, that the conditions of participation have been fulfilled. ) correspond to Article 4 of the ECHR If after a reasonable period of time a measure referred to in paragraph 1 cannot be adopted with the United Kingdom or Ireland taking part, the Council may adopt such measure in accordance with Article 1 without the participation of the United Kingdom or Ireland. The Union shall contribute to the development of quality education by encouraging cooperation between Member States and, if necessary, by supporting and complementing their action. Right to the integrity of the person The responsibilities of the Member States shall include the management of health services and medical care and the allocation of the resources assigned to them. Minister for Foreign Affairs CHAPTER VI In this case, the term of office of the members of the Commission appointed to replace them shall expire on the date on which the term of office of the members of the Commission obliged to resign as a body would have expired. COVID-19: National authorities should do more to raise awareness of EU action