(j) the provisions of the Treaty referred to in point (e) and which are set out or referred to in the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic shall remain in force and their legal effects shall be preserved in accordance with that Protocol. 15 % Article 21 38. ) in favour of the new Member States after 31 December 2003. in respect of currency or exchange regulations, be accorded the same facilities as are customarily accorded to officials of international organisations; 11,35 The EU is also supporting start-ups and small firms in developing technology that could be helpful in tackling the outbreak, including EpiShuttle , a project for specialised isolation units, and m-Tap , air filtration technology to remove viral particles. measures which support, supplement and monitor the policy pursued by the Member States. WHEREAS pursuant to Article I-58 of the Constitution, any European State, when applying to become a member of the Union, must respect the values set out in Article I-2 of the Constitution; each country or territory shall apply to its trade with Member States and with the other countries and territories the same treatment as that which it applies to the European State with which it has special relations; 67 IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SOLIDARITY CLAUSE as from the date on which the number of governors reaches 22, the governors shall be allocated to three groups according to a ranking based on the criteria laid down in (a). Insists that Member States should give particular attention to equal access to healthcare, especially non-discrimination in access to medical treatment and urgent care, ensuring the rights of persons living in residential institutions, who are more at risk of infection, in particular the elderly and persons with disabilities, and ensuring that communitybased care and support services, needed by these persons on a daily basis, are funded and well equipped and staffed, insists also that confinement measures should take into account the needs of persons with disabilities, that public information concerning the COVID-19 pandemic should be accessible to the widest range of persons with disabilities, and that persons with disabilities should be included in all income protection measures; European laws shall establish the measures defining the framework for implementing the common commercial policy. ) to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply in respect of Austria, Finland and Sweden under the conditions laid down in that Annex. Parliament President David Sassoli and political group leaders will discuss the European Commission's new proposal for the EU's long-term budget with Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on Tuesday. the development of electronic medical apparatus, Implementing provisions for the extended Ignalina Programme shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 35 of this Protocol and enter into force, at the latest, by the date of expiry of the Financial Perspective as defined in the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999.3. THE UNION'S RELATIONS WITH INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATIONS AND THIRD COUNTRIES AND UNION DELEGATIONS This Article is in line with the Protocol on Asylum annexed to the Constitution. Tourism is one of the sectors most affected by the Covid-19 outbreak. Article II-79 (b) In order to promote coordination of the policies of Member States to the full extent needed for the functioning of the internal market, an Economic and Financial Committee is hereby set up. Such operations shall be intended to provide ad hoc assistance and relief and protection for people in third countries who are victims of natural or man-made disasters, in order to meet the humanitarian needs resulting from these different situations. 3. 1 In the provisions referred to in the first paragraph, references to the Union or the Member States shall not include the United Kingdom and references to national central banks shall not include the Bank of England. Concerns regarding the situation in Poland and Hungary TITLE II CHAPTER 6 ) to Protocol 9 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. Article 3 The capital of the Bank shall be 163 653 737 000 euro, subscribed by the Member States as follows: Considers it is of utmost importance to keep the internal EU borders open for goods; recalls that the Single Market is the source of our collective prosperity and well-being and that it is a key element of the immediate and continuous response to the COVID-19 outbreak; strongly supports the Commission's call on the Member States to allow frontier workers to continue crossing borders, in particular in sectors for which continued free movement in the EU is deemed essential; calls, in that respect, for the establishment of ‘green lane' border crossings for land (road and rail), maritime, inland waterways and air transport; A European law of the Council shall establish language arrangements for the European intellectual property rights. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 24 1. Article III-155 The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European regulations and decisions determining the guidelines and conditions necessary to ensure balanced progress in all the sectors concerned. Right to liberty and security ) Article 4 The Commission retains the right of verification, through the Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF). 7. (a) Without prejudice to Article III-344, it shall facilitate coordination of the action of Member States' competent authorities. Austria The European laws and framework laws referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 shall be adopted after consultation of the European Parliament. Article IV-447 The Council shall act in accordance with Article I-44(3). The institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union shall ensure transparency in their work and shall, pursuant to Article I-50, determine in their rules of procedure specific provisions for public access to their documents. THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA, Protection in the event of unjustified dismissal In order not to hamper the proper functioning of the internal market, the enforcement of the new Member States' national rules during the transitional periods referred to in Annexes V to XIV to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall not lead to border controls between Member States. Provisions of the Acts of Accession, as interpreted by the Court of Justice of the European Communities and the Court of First Instance, the purpose or effect of which is to repeal or amend, otherwise than as a transitional measure, acts adopted by the institutions, bodies, offices or agencies of the European Communities or of the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union shall remain in force subject to the second paragraph. 16. The Council shall, on a proposal from the Commission, adopt a European regulation laying down the methods and procedure whereby the budget revenue provided under the arrangements relating to the Union's own resources shall be made available to the Commission, and the measures to be applied, if need be, to meet cash requirements. 15,93 ) corresponds to Article 3 of the ECHR Article III-274 It shall not entail excessive burdens on economic operators. 3 % for the ratio of the planned or actual government deficit to gross domestic product at market prices; Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than that which was applicable at the time the criminal offence was committed. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Commission shall be completely independent. (c) Article 4 Declaration by the Federal Republic of Germany, Ireland, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Austria and the Kingdom of Sweden (c) The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the European regulations or decisions establishing the conditions under which the provisions referred to in the first and second subparagraphs shall be applicable to these territories. HAVE AGREED upon the following provision, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: SECTION 3 Everyone residing and moving legally within the European Union is entitled to social security benefits and social advantages in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices.3. The European Parliament and the Council shall endeavour to achieve the objective of free movement of capital between Member States and third countries to the greatest extent possible and without prejudice to other provisions of the Constitution. Union policy on the environment shall contribute to the pursuit of the following objectives: 2004 2. Article III-219 If there are serious shortcomings or any imminent risks of such shortcomings in a new Member State in the transposition, state of implementation or the application of the framework decisions or any other relevant commitments, instruments of cooperation and decisions relating to mutual recognition in the area of criminal law under Title VI of the EU Treaty, Directives and Regulations relating to mutual recognition in civil matters under Title IV of the EC Treaty, and European laws and framework laws adopted on the basis of Sections 3 and 4 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, the Commission may, until the end of a period of up to three years after 1 May 2004, upon the motivated request of a Member State or on its own initiative and after consulting the Member States, adopt European regulations or decisions establishing appropriate measures and specify the conditions and modalities under which these measures are put into effect. to conduct foreign-exchange operations consistent with Article III-326; The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary, and, in any case, will be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied. In particular: 6 It shall promote economic, social and territorial cohesion, and solidarity among Member States. Article 47 The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt unanimously, on the basis of the experience acquired under the association of the countries and territories with the Union, European laws, framework laws, regulations and decisions as regards the detailed rules and the procedure for the association of the countries and territories with the Union. France - (a) Reporters Without Borders has reported 11 journalists killed so far in 2020. 78 4. Everyone whose rights and freedoms guaranteed by the law of the Union are violated has the right to an effective remedy before a tribunal in compliance with the conditions laid down in this Article. The financial year of the European Central Bank and national central banks shall begin on the first day of January and end on the last day of December.2. 16. The proposal will be discussed by the whole Parliament at the next plenary session on 13 May.