After discussion, the European Council shall, within four months of this suspension, either: 6. ) 73 4 by ensuring that workers from one Member State employed in the territory of another Member State may remain in that territory for the purpose of taking up activities therein as self-employed persons, where they satisfy the conditions which they would be required to satisfy if they were entering that State at the time when they intended to take up such activities; of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden, and European decisions adopted by the Council under the third subparagraph of Article III-168(2) of the Constitution; Article III-363 This Subsection shall not apply, so far as any given Member State is concerned, to activities which in that State are connected, even occasionally, with the exercise of official authority. The rights and obligations resulting from the Treaty on the Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic, referred to in Article IV-437(2)(e) of the Constitution, took effect, under the conditions laid down in that Treaty, as from 1 May 2004. RECALLING the importance of the Minister for Foreign Affairs being fully involved in proceedings relating to permanent structured cooperation, 1. Where Denmark is not bound by a measure adopted pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, it shall bear no financial consequences of that measure other than administrative costs entailed for the institutions unless the Council, acting unanimously after consulting the European Parliament, decides otherwise. &#x2018; The death penalty shall be abolished. Member States shall regard their economic policies as a matter of common concern and shall coordinate them within the Council, in accordance with Article III-178. European laws or framework laws shall establish the measures necessary for the implementation of paragraph 1. The Union's action on the international scene shall be guided by the principles which have inspired its own creation, development and enlargement, and which it seeks to advance in the wider world: democracy, the rule of law, the universality and indivisibility of human rights and fundamental freedoms, respect for human dignity, the principles of equality and solidarity, and respect for the principles of the United Nations Charter and international law. The Court of Justice of the European Union. The Commission shall communicate this information to Community undertakings under the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community. Article I-48 Article III-348 ). SELLE KINNITUSEKS on nimetatud täievolilised esindajad käesolevale lepingule alla kirjutanud Expressions used in the Annexes Ireland Article III-373 OJ L 375, 23.12.1989, p. 3. This system shall be established by a European decision adopted unanimously by the European Council and on the basis of the following principles: No one may be removed, expelled or extradited to a State where there is a serious risk that he or she would be subjected to the death penalty, torture or other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. On 18 March, the European Commission presented detailed guidelines to guarantee that EU passenger rights are applied in a coherent way and passengers are protected across all EU countries. ) 2. Should the protocols not have been concluded by 1 May 2004, the Union, the European Atomic Energy Community and the Member States shall take, in the framework of their respective competences, the necessary measures to deal with that situation. The central banks of Member States with a derogation as specified in Article III-197(1) of the Constitution shall retain their powers in the field of monetary policy according to national law.3. if the Member State of which the applicant is a national proceeds, availing itself of the provisions of Article 15 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, to take measures derogating in its territory from its obligations under that Convention; However, interveners other than the Member States and the institutions of the Union may bring such an appeal only where the decision of the General Court directly affects them. prevent and settle conflicts of jurisdiction between Member States; 1. The third group shall be composed of the remaining governors and shall be assigned three voting rights; Declaration on Article III-184 Article I-9 The common commercial policy shall be based on uniform principles, particularly with regard to changes in tariff rates, the conclusion of tariff and trade agreements relating to trade in goods and services, and the commercial aspects of intellectual property, foreign direct investment, the achievement of uniformity in measures of liberalisation, export policy and measures to protect trade such as those to be taken in the event of dumping or subsidies. 1. The provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community applicable to persons or undertakings within the meaning of Article 196 of that Treaty shall apply to those persons or undertakings when they are established in the territories referred to in Article 8 of this Protocol. However, paragraph 1 of this Article shall apply to expenditure for rural development under the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, Guarantee Section, according to Article 47a of Council Regulation (EC) No 1257/1999 of 17 May 1999 on support for rural development from the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund (EAGGF) and amending and repealing certain regulations( Article 5 European laws and framework laws shall be published in the Paragraph 3 is intended to ensure the necessary consistency between the Charter and the ECHR by establishing the rule that, insofar as the rights in the present Charter also correspond to rights guaranteed by the ECHR, the meaning and scope of those rights, including authorised limitations, are the same as those laid down by the ECHR. Equality between women and men In the performance of their duties, members of the Court of Auditors shall neither seek nor take instructions from any government or from any other body. 1. The Union rules on customs matters and quantitative restrictions, in particular customs duties, charges having equivalent effect and the Common Customs Tariff, shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man under the same conditions as they apply to the United Kingdom. 1. Where agreements with one or more third countries or international organisations need to be negotiated and concluded, Article III-325 shall apply, subject to the special provisions of this Article. Taking account of the provisions concerning the Sovereign Base Areas set out in the Treaty concerning the Establishment of the Republic of Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Treaty of Establishment &#x2019; ) and the associated Exchanges of Notes dated 16 August 1960, EQUALITY DIGNITY 4. Programmes already in place Article III-352 This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers. (a) OJ L 360, 31.12.1994, p. 1. The Council shall take into account the possible consequences of such a suspension for the rights and obligations of natural and legal persons. Diplomatic and consular protection 6 The Council shall adopt the appropriate European regulations or decisions within one month. 12. RECOGNISING that the United Kingdom shall not be obliged or committed to adopt the euro without a separate decision to do so by its government and Parliament; These criteria shall be applied in a non-discriminatory manner and shall not differentiate between nationals of Malta and of other Member States. Declaration on Article I-25 ) Article 14 Such an appeal may be brought by any party which has been unsuccessful, in whole or in part, in its submissions. 15,94 It shall be adopted after consultation of the institutions concerned. Explanation In Union law, the right to a fair hearing is not confined to disputes relating to civil law rights and obligations. The Council shall act by a simple majority regarding procedural matters and for the adoption of its Rules of Procedure. Everyone whose rights and freedoms guaranteed by the law of the Union are violated has the right to an effective remedy before a tribunal in compliance with the conditions laid down in this Article. An application to intervene shall be limited to supporting the form of order sought by one of the parties. 7 Coming up: EU coronavirus response, support for healthcare, civil protection and the disadvantaged Europe confirmed as the safest place for journalists For twinning projects between public administrations for the purpose of institution-building, the procedure for call for proposals through the network of contact points in the Member States shall continue to apply, as established in the Framework Agreements with the present Member States for the purpose of pre-accession assistance. TITLE I In addition to the tasks referred to in Article 46 of the Statute, the European Central Bank shall also give advice in relation to and contribute to the preparation of any European regulation or any European decision of the Council with regard to the United Kingdom taken in accordance with Article 9(a) and (c) of this Protocol. (d) 11 Everyone has the right to respect for his or her physical and mental integrity. In this case preferential treatment shall be granted to the Netherlands Antilles as compared with third countries. Children shall have the right to such protection and care as is necessary for their well-being. 10 (d) Paragraph 1 deals with the arrangements for the limitation of rights. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Council shall act unanimously and in accordance with Article I-44(3). TITLE I