*** signature *** (a) The Council, acting on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the Economic and Financial Committee may adopt a European decision stipulating that the Member State concerned shall amend, suspend or abolish the protective measures referred to in paragraph 1. 1. (c) They shall continue to enjoy this immunity after they have ceased to hold office; Article 41 A panel of seven epidemiologists and virologists from different member states formulates science-based EU response guidelines and coordinates risk management measures. Declaration on Article I-24(7) concerning the European Council decision on the exercise of the Presidency of the Council The President of the European Central Bank shall be invited to participate in meetings of the Council when it is discussing matters relating to the objectives and tasks of the European System of Central Banks. 2007: Austria Full account shall be taken of national laws and practices as specified in this Charter.7. This Charter does not extend the field of application of Union law beyond the powers of the Union or establish any new power or task for the Union, or modify powers and tasks defined in the other Parts of the Constitution. Slowing the spread of the virus Special provisions Provisions on the economic and industrial development of Portugal to ensure compliance with the prohibitions laid down in Article III-161(1) and in Article III-162 by making provision for fines and periodic penalty payments; (c) The Council shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 41, define the scope of such methods if they impose obligations on third parties. They may express their views freely. TITLE II SECTION 5 3. Fundamental freedoms and non-discrimination Protocol on the position of the United Kingdom and Ireland on policies in respect of border controls, asylum and immigration, judicial cooperation in civil matters and on police cooperation The right to an effective remedy, which is an important aspect of this question, is guaranteed in Article 47 of this Charter( The EU is working to support its member states and cushion the economic impact in Europe , but the coronavirus is a pandemic and knows no borders. Union action shall aim to: Article III-419 Sole article The first subparagraph shall be without prejudice to Member States' competence to negotiate in international bodies and to conclude agreements. Member States shall undertake progressively to improve their military capabilities. Article III-376 The Council shall adopt European decisions laying down the rules governing the committees provided for in the Constitution. The Commission shall also forward the annual legislative programme as well as any other instrument of legislative planning or policy to national Parliaments, at the same time as to the European Parliament and the Council. CONSIDERING that Article IV-437(2)(e) of the Constitution provides that the Treaty of 16 April 2003 concerning the accessions referred to above shall be repealed; Where, in cases referred to in this Protocol, the United Kingdom or Ireland is bound by a measure adopted pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, to Article III-260 of the Constitution, insofar as that Article relates to the areas covered by those Sections, to Article III-263 or to Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution, the relevant provisions of the Constitution shall apply to that State in relation to that measure. Prime Minister When drawing up its proposals for achieving the objectives set out in paragraphs 1 and 2, the Commission shall take into account the extent of the effort that certain economies showing differences in development will have to sustain for the establishment of the internal market and it may propose appropriate measures. PROTOCOL CONCERNING IMPORTS INTO THE EUROPEAN UNION OF PETROLEUM PRODUCTS REFINED IN THE NETHERLANDS ANTILLES The Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union shall be laid down in a Protocol. TAI PALIUDYDAMI sia Sutarti pasirase toliau nurodyti igaliotieji atstovai (a) RECALLING that the common security and defence policy is an integral part of the common foreign and security policy; that it provides the Union with operational capacity drawing on civil and military assets; that the Union may use such assets in the tasks referred to in Article III-309 of the Constitution outside the Union for peace-keeping, conflict prevention and strengthening international security in accordance with the principles of the United Nations Charter; that the performance of these tasks is to be undertaken using capabilities provided by the Member States in accordance with the principle of a single set of forces; 24 Notwithstanding the expiry of the period laid down in Article III-365(6), any party may, in proceedings in which an act of general application adopted by an institution, body, office or agency of the Union is at issue, plead the grounds specified in Article III-365(2) in order to invoke before the Court of Justice of the European Union the inapplicability of that act. 27 Article III-353 Many more flights are being organised with more seats being made available to other EU nationals. ) 1. Article 6 Minister for Foreign Affairs 6,30 27. 36. Article III-124 1. 2. This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 November 2006, provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited, or, failing that, on the first day of the second month following the deposit of the instrument of ratification by the last signatory State to take this step. ) The common organisation established in accordance with paragraph 1 may include all measures required to attain the objectives set out in Article III-227, in particular regulation of prices, aids for the production and marketing of the various products, storage and carryover arrangements and common machinery for stabilising imports or exports. 24 16 Minister for Foreign Affairs (a) Declaration on Article I-6 (b) Article III-254 4. The Article is also inspired by Declaration No 11 to the Final Act of the Amsterdam Treaty on the status of churches and non-confessional organisations, now taken over in Article I-52 of the Constitution. It does not include rights additional to those in the ECHR. 29. , as well as the implementation of these measures and their application to Denmark, shall be governed by the relevant provisions of the Protocol on the position of Denmark. The members of the Court of Auditors shall elect their President from among their number for a term of three years. "The new euro bonds or "coronabonds" would not be an effective way to revitalise the European economy. All other operations in foreign reserve assets remaining with the national central banks after the transfers referred to in Article 30, and Member States' transactions with their foreign exchange working balances shall, above a certain limit to be established within the framework of paragraph 3, be subject to approval by the European Central Bank in order to ensure consistency with the exchange rate and monetary policies of the Union.3. Provisions on agriculture 49,30 the conditions set out in this Title are met, and 1. 1 Privileges and immunities If the Council has previously made public recommendations, it shall state publicly, as soon as the European decision referred to in paragraph 8 has been repealed, that there is no longer an excessive deficit in the Member State concerned.12. It shall be presided over by the President of the Court of Justice. Article II-99 Treaty establishing the European Community Sole article (b) Find out the latest news on the EU-coordinated response to the coronavirus outbreak and the European Parliament's actions. approves all those amendments, the act in question shall be deemed to have been adopted; whether the ratio of government debt to gross domestic product exceeds a reference value, unless the ratio is diminishing sufficiently and approaching the reference value at a satisfactory pace. During the 2004-2009 parliamentary term, the composition and the number of representatives elected to the European Parliament in each Member State shall remain the same as on the date of the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, the number of representatives being as follows: In addition to the monitoring of State aid, the Commission and the Council shall monitor the restructuring benchmarks set out in Annex 3 to Protocol 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. 3. The Middle East and North Africa continue to be the most dangerous regions in the world for journalists, while the Asia-Pacific region had the biggest increase in press freedom violations (up 1.7%). (d) 1. 58