projects for developing less-developed regions The Union's values In order to combat social exclusion and poverty, the Union recognises and respects the right to social and housing assistance so as to ensure a decent existence for all those who lack sufficient resources, in accordance with the rules laid down by Union law and national laws and practices. (c) The measures authorised under paragraph 2 may involve derogations from the rules of the Constitution, and in particular from this Protocol, to such an extent and for such periods as are strictly necessary in order to attain the objectives referred to in paragraph 1. (a) (c) ); (a) During the hearings the Court of Justice may examine the experts, the witnesses and the parties themselves. Article 1 In any event, the level of protection afforded by the Charter may never be lower than that guaranteed by the ECHR. 1. Article 23 The Management Committee, acting by a majority, shall adopt opinions on proposals for raising loans or granting finance, in particular in the form of loans and guarantees.5. Article 206 of the EAEC Treaty shall be replaced by the following: The Governing Council shall take all other measures necessary for the application of this Article. 1. 1. The Economic and Social Committee shall be consulted by the European Parliament, by the Council or by the Commission where the Constitution so provides. 2. Its members shall be the Member States. The European Council shall each year consider the employment situation in the Union and adopt conclusions thereon, on the basis of a joint annual report by the Council and the Commission. PART II - THE CHARTER OF FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS OF THE UNION Cyprus The Council shall act after consulting the European Central Bank.2. Luxembourg Article III-117 - 42 The Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt a European decision determining the Committee's composition. Declaration concerning the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union Consequently, an obligation, pursuant to the second sentence of paragraph 1, for the Union's institutions to promote principles laid down in the Charter, may arise only within the limits of these same powers. 1. 8 Reaffirming its commitment to a comprehensive settlement of the Cyprus problem, consistent with relevant United Nations Security Council Resolutions, and its strong support for the efforts of the United Nations Secretary General to that end; Article 9 1. The appointments of the directors and the alternates shall be renewable. (a) (c) Noting the Exchange of Notes between the Government of the United Kingdom and the Government of the Republic of Cyprus concerning the administration of the Sovereign Base Areas, dated 16 August 1960, and the attached Declaration by the United Kingdom Government that one of the main objects to be achieved is the protection of the interests of those resident or working in the Sovereign Base Areas, and considering in this context that the said persons should have, to the extent possible, the same treatment as those resident or working in the Republic of Cyprus; shall endeavour to facilitate cohesion and consensus within the European Council; HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: The Commission shall submit any necessary information to the European Parliament at the latter's request.3. Für den Bundespräsidenten der Republik Österreich Treaties on which the European Union is founded A case governed by Article 18 of the EAEC Treaty shall be brought before the Court of Justice by an appeal addressed to the Registrar. (d) 1. Further calls of foreign reserve assets beyond the limit set in paragraph 1 may be effected by the European Central Bank, in accordance with paragraph 2, within the limits and under the conditions laid down by the Council in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 41.5. SOCIAL POLICY Such laws or framework laws shall be adopted after consultation of the European Central Bank. Article 4 By way of exception, the special activities of the Bank, as decided by the Board of Governors and the Board of Directors in accordance with paragraph 3, will have a specific allocation of reserve. &#x2018; heavy goods vehicle &#x2019; shall mean any motor vehicle with a maximum authorised weight of over 7,5 tonnes registered in a Member State designed to carry goods or haul trailers, including semi-trailer tractor units, and trailers with a maximum authorised weight of over 7,5 tonnes and hauled by a motor vehicle registered in a Member State with a maximum authorised weight of 7,5 tonnes or less; Subsection 3 Additional measures were adopted by Parliament during the extraordinary plenary session on 16-17 April: In those sectors in which Ireland places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in Member States and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. Covid-19: solidarity among EU neighbours Repatriating EU citizens 9. It shall exercise coordinating, executive and management functions, as laid down in the Constitution. measures setting high standards of quality and safety for medicinal products and devices for medical use; Nová Hut making the necessary investments in order to achieve a higher quality of finished products in the short term; 1. THE PRESIDENT OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC, 9 (c) Article III-151 of the Constitution shall not prevent the Hellenic Republic from maintaining measures of exemption granted before 1 January 1979 pursuant to: HAVE AGREED UPON the following interpretative provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Derogation from Article 32 (c) 4. European laws shall establish: Member States shall communicate to the Commission, which shall see that it is circulated, all useful information to that end in accordance with the administrative conditions recommended by it. 1. The Bank shall have an address for service in each Member State. THE EUROPEAN SYSTEM OF CENTRAL BANKS 1. ) Parliament has supported the Commission's proposal to temporarily stop empty "ghost flights" . Esteban González Pons (EPP, ES) said: "We need the Europe that comes out on its balcony every evening to applaud health care workers". The new Member States shall be required to accede to the conventions provided for in Article 293 of the EC Treaty and to those that are inseparable from the attainment of the objectives of the EC Treaty, insofar as they are still in force, and also to the protocols on the interpretation of those conventions by the Court of Justice of the European Communities, signed by the present Member States, and to this end they shall be required to enter into negotiations with the present Member States in order to make the necessary adjustments thereto. Areas of shared competence Minister of Foreign Affairs Maximum flexibility to channel EU structural funds not yet used to fight impact of COVID-19 on citizens (a) 1 Limiting the spread of the virus, Prime Minister The Ministers of the Member States whose currency is the euro shall meet informally. one alternate nominated by common accord between the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, 69 804 000 OJ L 99, 17.4.2003, p. Acknowledging the readiness of the Union to provide adequate additional assistance to the efforts by Lithuania to decommission the Ignalina nuclear power plant and highlighting this expression of solidarity, Lithuania has undertaken to close Unit 1 of the Ignalina nuclear power plant before 2005 and Unit 2 of this plant by 31 December 2009 at the latest and subsequently decommission these units. If the approximation of criminal laws and regulations of the Member States proves essential to ensure the effective implementation of a Union policy in an area which has been subject to harmonisation measures, European framework laws may establish minimum rules with regard to the definition of criminal offences and sanctions in the area concerned. Each institution shall exercise the powers conferred upon it under this Article in compliance with the Constitution and the acts adopted thereunder, with particular regard to the Union's own resources and the balance between revenue and expenditure. Specific provisions relating to the common foreign and security policy The order shall be sent for implementation to the competent judicial authority under conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure. Countries are also pooling resources to bring stranded Europeans back home.