39,88 defining the general guidelines; 34% have moved to partial online offers or partially postponed classes. Article III-215 It shall promote multilateral solutions to common problems, in particular in the framework of the United Nations. 7. The European Council shall act by a simple majority for procedural questions and for the adoption of its Rules of Procedure.4. strengthening public administration according to needs identified in the Commission's comprehensive monitoring report which are not covered by the Structural Funds. The Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16, shall adopt detailed measures concerning the procedures relating to the ecopoints system, the distribution of ecopoints and technical questions concerning the application of this Article, which shall enter into force on the date of accession of Austria. It shall facilitate dialogue between the social partners, respecting their autonomy. The Commission may, provided it notifies the competent authorities of the Member States concerned, transfer into the currency of one of the Member States its holdings in the currency of another Member State, to the extent necessary to enable them to be used for purposes which come within the scope of the Constitution. In a virtual meeting, the civil liberties committee discussed the current border situation and the need to avoid this humanitarian crisis turning into a public health issue with the Greek government. Article II-71 1. In view of the notice given to the Council by the Danish Government on 3 November 1993, Denmark shall have an exemption. approves the Council's position at first reading or has not taken a decision, the act concerned shall be deemed to have been adopted in the wording which corresponds to the position of the Council; In the third paragraph of Article 38 and the third paragraph of Article 82 of the EAEC Treaty the references to Articles 141 and 142 shall be replaced by references to Articles III-360 and III-361 respectively of the Constitution.2. 1. References in Article 43 of the Statute to the tasks of the European Central Bank and the European Monetary Institute shall include those tasks that still need to be performed after the introduction of the euro owing to the decision of the United Kingdom not to adopt the euro. The Kingdom of the Netherlands declares that an initiative for a European decision, as referred to in Article IV-440(7) aimed at amending the status of the Netherlands Antilles and/or Aruba with regard to the Union, will be submitted only on the basis of a decision taken in conformity with the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Any citizen of the Union and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State has the right to refer to the European Ombudsman cases of maladministration in the activities of the institutions, bodies, offices or agencies of the Union, with the exception of the Court of Justice of the European Union acting in its judicial role. The arrangements for the Union's cooperation may be the subject of agreements between the Union and the third parties concerned. The High Contracting Parties agree that the European Council, pursuant to Article IV-440(7), will take a European decision leading to the modification of the status of Mayotte with regard to the Union in order to make this territory an outermost region within the meaning of Article IV-440(2) and Article III-424, when the French authorities notify the European Council and the Commission that the evolution currently underway in the internal status of the island so allows. State of rule of law and democracy in COVID-19 Europe: Hungary, Poland In Articles 10(3) and 33(1), &#x2018; shareholders &#x2019; shall mean national central banks of Member States whose currency is the euro.6. Article 1 This Article follows the traditional rule of the non-retroactivity of laws and criminal sanctions. Artis PABRIKS If a State monopoly of a commercial character has rules which are designed to make it easier to dispose of agricultural products or obtain for them the best return, steps should be taken in applying this Article to ensure equivalent safeguards for the employment and standard of living of the producers concerned. An Advisory Committee consisting of experts designated by the governments of the Member States shall be attached to the Commission. OJ L 375, 23.12.1989, p. Article IV-448 1. PROVISIONS ON THE IGNALINA NUCLEAR POWER PLANT IN LITHUANIA A high level of environmental protection and the improvement of the quality of the environment must be integrated into the policies of the Union and ensured in accordance with the principle of sustainable development. Political parties at European level contribute to forming European political awareness and to expressing the will of citizens of the Union. Article 3 From 1 January 1973, such information as has been communicated to Member States, persons and undertakings, in accordance with Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, shall be placed at the disposal of the United Kingdom, which shall give it limited distribution within its territory under the conditions laid down in that Article.2. Member States shall apply to their trade with the countries and territories the same treatment as they accord each other pursuant to the Constitution; (a) The current health crisis and its consequences remain the immediate priority, but the European Parliament is also focusing on a strategy for the post-crisis period. Luxembourg Provisions on the granting by Greece of exemption from customs dutieson the import of certain goods The Bank may not convert its assets in the currency of a Member State whose currency is not the euro into the currency of a third country without the agreement of the Member State concerned.3. Everyone has the right to engage in work and to pursue a freely chosen or accepted occupation.2. When an appeal brought by a Member State or an institution of the Union, which did not intervene in the proceedings before the General Court, is well founded, the Court of Justice may, if it considers this necessary, state which of the effects of the decision of the General Court which has been quashed shall be considered as definitive in respect of the parties to the litigation. Article III-367 Protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Union 5 Helping developing countries face the pandemic In order to improve employment opportunities for workers in the internal market and to contribute thereby to raising the standard of living, a European Social Fund is hereby established; it shall aim to render the employment of workers easier and to increase their geographical and occupational mobility within the Union, and to facilitate their adaptation to industrial changes and to changes in production systems, in particular through vocational training and retraining.2. European laws or framework laws may establish measures designed to encourage cooperation between Member States through initiatives aimed at improving knowledge, developing exchanges of information and best practices, promoting innovative approaches and evaluating experiences, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States; In accordance with conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure, the Court of Justice, having heard the Advocate-General and the parties, may dispense with the oral procedure. ) corresponds to Article 2 of the Protocol to the ECHR, but its scope is extended to cover access to vocational and continuing training When entering upon their duties they shall give a solemn undertaking that, both during and after their term of office, they will respect the obligations arising therefrom and in particular their duty to behave with integrity and discretion as regards the acceptance, after they have ceased to hold office, of certain appointments or benefits. In accordance with Article III-187(4) of the Constitution, the Council shall adopt European regulations and decisions establishing the measures referred to in Articles 4, 5(4), 19(2), 20, 28(1), 29(2), 30(4) and 34(3) of this Statute. 8. 25. Article III-119 In each of the Member States, the Bank shall enjoy the most extensive legal capacity accorded to legal persons under their laws. ) The institutions shall practise mutual sincere cooperation. Article 3 Article III-380 It merely sets out the principle of respect by the Union for the access to services of general economic interest as provided for by national provisions, when those provisions are compatible with Union law. 1. When justified by the complexity of the matter and in the absence of danger to human health, the Commission may notify the Member State concerned that the period referred to in this paragraph will be extended for a further period of up to six months. until the expiry of the agreements concluded by the Hellenic Government with those persons benefiting from these measures. Celex Test European laws or framework laws shall lay down the rules relating to the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies, and by the Member States when carrying out activities which fall within the scope of Union law, and the rules relating to the free movement of such data. 30. If international developments so require, the President of the European Council shall convene an extraordinary meeting of the European Council in order to define the strategic lines of the Union's policy in the face of such developments. (iii) Estonia Pentru România Celex Test Article 7 14 Regulation (EC) No 1267/1999 ( National authorities should do more to raise awareness of EU actions to fight COVID-19 and mitigate its impact on public health and the economy Cyprus They shall be responsible only to the Bank. encouraging the development of distance education; He or she may be re-elected. The references in that Annex to paragraph 16 of the said Protocol shall be construed as being made to paragraph 16 of this Article.16. Article 27 Platform operators active in the EU who become aware of illegal activity taking place on their websites are obliged to intervene . 16 If such a motion is carried, the members of the Commission shall resign as a body and the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall resign from the duties that he or she carries out in the Commission. (c) equality between women and men with regard to labour market opportunities and treatment at work; the Czech Republic shall oblige the benefiting companies to disclose all relevant data which might, under other circumstances, be considered as confidential. of determining whether or not to grant other persons permission to enter the United Kingdom. 1. In the event of a loss incurred by the European Central Bank, the shortfall may be offset against the general reserve fund of the European Central Bank and, if necessary, following a decision by the Governing Council, against the monetary income of the relevant financial year in proportion and up to the amounts allocated to the national central banks in accordance with Article 32(5). any privatisation shall be on a basis that respects the need for transparency and fully respects the commercial value of PHS. For the period of the subsequent Financial Perspective, the overall average appropriations under the extended Ignalina Programme shall be appropriate. A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of these members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. They shall be notified to the Commission. SECTION 3