DECLARATIONS CONCERNING THE PROTOCOL ON THE TREATIES AND ACTS OF ACCESSION OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK, IRELAND AND THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND, OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC, OF THE KINGDOM OF SPAIN AND THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC, AND OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA, THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND AND THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN From 1 May 2004, the new Member States shall pay the following amounts corresponding to their share of the capital paid in for the subscribed capital as defined in Article 4 of the Statute of the European Investment Bank. It shall ensure that in the interpretation and application of the Constitution the law is observed. TITLE IV ): 17. Therefore, press conferences and video updates of European Commission President von der Leyen, especially when taking place in the European Parliament, should be broadcast widely in the member states. PROVISIONS ON UNIT 1 AND UNIT 2 OF THE BOHUNICE V1 NUCLEAR POWER PLANT IN SLOVAKIA A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of these other Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. 9,93 13 investments in any kind of operating equipment (e.g. laboratory equipment, detection tools, Schengen Information System - SIS II hardware and software, means of transport); Article III-413 Member States which wish to establish enhanced cooperation between themselves within the framework of the Union's non-exclusive competences may make use of its institutions and exercise those competences by applying the relevant provisions of the Constitution, subject to the limits and in accordance with the procedures laid down in this Article and in Articles III-416 to III-423. The Council shall decide on the organisation of the General Secretariat by a simple majority. (a) Is the EU doing enough to help non-EU countries fight the coronavirus or should we step up our response? Any subsequent changes in the overall restructuring plan and the individual plans must be agreed by the Commission and, where appropriate, by the Council.11. The Council shall act on a proposal from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs after consulting the European Parliament and after obtaining the consent of the Commission. 32. In the context of the establishment and functioning of the internal market and with regard for the need to preserve and improve the environment, Union policy on energy shall aim to: 3 CHAPTER VI PHS investing in order to achieve a higher quality of finished products; special attention shall be given to attaining by the date set in the timetable for the implementation of the PHS restructuring programme and at the latest by the end of 2006 3-Sigma production quality level at the PHS site in Kraków; The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee. The Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 73(2), shall review the operation of this Section. approve the annual balance sheet and profit and loss account; Article 34 They shall in particular withdraw at 1 May 2004 or the earliest possible date thereafter from international fisheries agreements and organisations to which the Union is also a party, unless their membership relates to matters other than fisheries. (h) The beneficiary Member States shall be responsible for selecting and implementing individual operations in compliance with this Article. That is one of the consequences of the fact that the Union is a community based on the rule of law as stated by the Court in Case 294/83, &#x2018; Les Verts &#x2019; v European Parliament (judgment of 23 April 1986, [1988] ECR 1339). Prime Minister Other acts shall be adopted on the basis of a Commission proposal where the Constitution so provides.3. Poland shall oblige the benefiting companies to disclose all relevant data which might, under other circumstances, be considered as confidential. (a) 71 foster the sustainable economic, social and environmental development of developing countries, with the primary aim of eradicating poverty; Only nationals of Member States may be members of the Executive Board. On 28 November 2019, the Parliament declared a climate emergency and called for all relevant EU legislation to be in line with the aim of keeping global warming to under 1.5°C. Pour Sa Majesté le Roi des Belges shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Constitution. During the period 2004-2006, the Union shall provide Lithuania with additional financial assistance in support of its efforts to decommission, and to address the consequences of the closure and decommissioning of, the Ignalina nuclear power plant (hereinafter &#x2018; the Ignalina Programme &#x2019; ).2. OJ L 161, 26.6.1999, p. Tendering, contracting, implementation and payments for pre-accession assistance under the Phare programme, the Phare cross-border cooperation programme and pre-accession funds for Cyprus and Malta shall be managed by implementing agencies in the new Member States as from 1 May 2004. ) In the fields of medicine and biology, the following must be respected in particular: - acquis Those tasks may include: Calls for full respect of the Geneva Convention and European asylum law; points out that provisions have to be made for the reception of new asylum seekers in appropriate sanitary conditions and medical support, and therefore expresses its deep concern at the situation of refugees and asylum-seekers arriving at the Greek islands, and in hotspots and detention centres, who do not have access to adequate health care and who are particularly at risk; considers that necessary solutions, including the preventive evacuation and relocation of the population at high risk, must be found to ensure the appropriate material conditions and social distancing to avoid contamination; stresses the important contribution of many migrants and descendants of migrants who are working to ensure the proper functioning of many essential sectors across the EU, and in particular in health and care sectors; Discover what the EU is doing. 9. (d) The Commission may, in close contact with the Member States, take any useful initiative to promote such coordination, in particular initiatives aiming at the establishment of guidelines and indicators, the organisation of exchange of best practice, and the preparation of the necessary elements for periodic monitoring and evaluation. 2. TITLE I In accordance with paragraph 2, the national market organisations may be replaced by the common organisation provided for in Article III-228(1) if: 70 (a) Find out which 10 things the EU is doing to fight the coronavirus. Part III, Title III, Chapter I, Sections 2 and 4 operate in the financial markets by buying and selling outright (spot and forward) or under repurchase agreement and by lending or borrowing claims and marketable instruments, whether in euro or other currencies, as well as precious metals; For the purposes of this paragraph and without prejudice to Article III-344, the Council shall be assisted by the Political and Security Committee with the support of the structures developed in the context of the common security and defence policy and by the Committee referred to in Article III-261; the two committees shall, if necessary, submit joint opinions. 6. PART TWO The Council shall act unanimously on a proposal from the Commission.2. Points out that specific provisions to that end have been included in Title IX of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. In addition, the EU has set up a huge international tender allowing member states to make joint purchases of equipment and drugs and is mobilising €3.08 billion in EU aid to purchase more tests and help medical staff care for patients. 2. JUDICIAL COOPERATION IN CIVIL MATTERS Article 29 (b) Portugal Article 191 of the EAEC Treaty shall be replaced by the following: Udfærdiget i Rom den niogtyvende oktober to tusind og fire. (d) environmental conditions in the various regions of the Union; Any subsequent privatisation of any of the benefiting companies shall take place on a basis that respects the need for transparency and shall respect the conditions and principles regarding viability, State aids and capacity reduction defined in this Title. CONSIDERING that the system of public broadcasting in the Member States is directly related to the democratic, social and cultural needs of each society and to the need to preserve media pluralism, Czech Republic Netherlands The President of the Council and the Commission shall report to the European Parliament on the results of multilateral surveillance. 1. Article 41 On application by a Member State, the Council may adopt unanimously a European decision that aid which that State is granting or intends to grant shall be considered to be compatible with the internal market, in derogation from Article III-167 or from European regulations provided for in Article III-169, if such a decision is justified by exceptional circumstances. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may unanimously adopt a European decision making the ordinary legislative procedure applicable to the matters referred to in the first subparagraph . THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA, If a national Parliament makes known its opposition within six months of the date of such notification, the European decision referred to in paragraphs 1 or 2 shall not be adopted. The judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Union shall be enforceable under the conditions laid down in Article III-401. In the event of resignation, compulsory retirement or death, the President shall be replaced for the remainder of his or her term of office in accordance with Article I-27(1).4. The Member States recognise in particular that, in the application of Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution, it will be necessary to take into account the objectives of economic expansion and the raising of the standard of living of the population of the less-developed regions and areas of Spain. Member States shall ensure that their national policies conform to the positions of the Union. 22. activities of craftsmen; 11. The decision of the national court or tribunal shall, moreover, be notified by the Registrar of the Court of Justice to the States, other than the Member States, which are parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and also to the EFTA Surveillance Authority referred to in that Agreement which may, within two months of notification, where one of the fields of application of that Agreement is concerned, submit statements of case or written observations to the Court of Justice. The European System of Central Banks and the European Central Bank shall perform their tasks and carry on their activities in accordance with the Constitution and this Statute. measures adopted by the Board of Directors of the European Investment Bank. The Rt.