Calls on the Commission and the Member States to publish the details of these schemes and allow for public scrutiny and full oversight by data protection authorities (DPA); notes that mobile location data can only be processed in compliance with the ePrivacy Directive and the GDPR; stresses that national and EU authorities must fully comply with data protection and privacy legislation, and national DPA oversight and guidance; CHAPTER III For the President of Ireland reactor safety (other than fast reactors); Union The Rules of Procedure of the Court of Justice and of the General Court shall contain any provisions necessary for applying and, where required, supplementing this Statute. If, within two months of being so called upon, the institution, body, office or agency concerned has not defined its position, the action may be brought within a further period of two months. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, COMBATING FRAUD TITLE X The references made to the &#x2018; Treaty of Accession &#x2019; in the Annexes referred to in Article 73 of this Protocol shall be construed as being made to the Treaty referred to in Article IV-437(2)(e) of the Constitution, those made to the date or time of signing of that Treaty shall be construed as being made to 16 April 2003 and those made to the date of accession shall be construed as being made to 1 May 2004. Union assistance may, subject to the requirement of concentration, also extend to adjacent and contiguous smaller areas fulfilling the same population density criterion. 15,80 PROTOCOL ON THE SYSTEM OF PUBLIC BROADCASTING IN THE MEMBER STATES 2. In that case, the procedure referred to in Article III-396 shall be suspended. Explanation CHAPTER 20 Calls on the Commission to coordinate Member-State action to crack down on internetfraudsters and cybercriminals exploiting people's fears by selling overpriced or counterfeited medical material; The Union shall respect the principles and pursue the objectives set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 in the development and implementation of the different areas of the Union's external action covered by this Title and the external aspects of its other policies. 1 After consulting the Member States, the Commission shall address to the Member States concerned a recommendation on such measures as may be appropriate to avoid the distortion in question.2. Article III-426 32. In accordance with the second subparagraph of Article III-197(2) of the Constitution, in Articles 3, 11(2) and 19 of this Statute &#x2018; Member States &#x2019; shall mean Member States whose currency is the euro.4. The European decisions referred to in this Chapter shall be adopted by the Council acting unanimously. &#x2018; 1. PROTOCOL ON SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR GREENLAND 1. TITLE V The policies of the Union set out in this Section and their implementation shall be governed by the principle of solidarity and fair sharing of responsibility, including its financial implications, between the Member States. aid to promote the economic development of areas where the standard of living is abnormally low or where there is serious underemployment, and of the regions referred to in Article III-424, in view of their structural, economic and social situation; BEING DESIROUS of giving fuller details about the system of trade applicable to imports into the Union of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles, Without prejudice to the specific provisions laid down in Article III-315, agreements between the Union and third countries or international organisations shall be negotiated and concluded in accordance with the following procedure.2. Article 43 The Commission calculates that the €8 billion could be supplemented by about €29 billion in EU co-financing. Article III-187 1. Member States shall make civilian and military capabilities available to the Union for the implementation of the common security and defence policy, to contribute to the objectives defined by the Council. Article III-199 Article 26 If the Commission concludes that this objective has been achieved on a sustainable basis, the provisions of paragraph 3 shall cease to apply on 1 January 2001. Information creates awareness", added Karas." 0,2857 % The President of the Council may submit a motion for deliberation to the Governing Council of the European Central Bank. - The Union may use them on missions outside the Union for peace-keeping, conflict prevention and strengthening international security in accordance with the principles of the United Nations Charter. the right to vote and to stand as candidates in elections to the European Parliament and in municipal elections in their Member State of residence, under the same conditions as nationals of that State; of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic; Before taking up his duties each Judge shall, before the Court of Justice sitting in open court, take an oath to perform his duties impartially and conscientiously and to preserve the secrecy of the deliberations of the Court. Such provisions of Union rules as are necessary to allow free movement and observance of normal conditions of competition in trade in these products shall also be applicable. Celex Test 7. Draft European legislative acts originating from a group of Member States, the Court of Justice, the European Central Bank or the European Investment Bank shall be forwarded to national Parliaments by the Council. It shall ensure that the rights of the members of staff are safeguarded. In particular: PREAMBLE JUDGES AND ADVOCATES-GENERAL 4. 0,1664 % The Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt a European decision determining the Committee's composition. Bermuda The new Member States listed below shall pay the following amounts to the Research Fund for Coal and Steel referred to in Decision 2002/234/ECSC of the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Council, of 27 February 2002 on the financial consequences of the expiry of the ECSC Treaty and on the Research Fund for Coal and Steel ( It shall assist the European Parliament and the Council in exercising their powers of control over the implementation of the budget. The introduction of or any change in customs duties imposed on goods imported into the countries and territories shall not, either in law or in fact, give rise to any direct or indirect discrimination between imports from the various Member States. 1. Acts adopted by the institutions to which the transitional provisions laid down in this Protocol relate shall retain their status in law; in particular, the procedures for amending those acts shall continue to apply. 2. The diplomatic and consular missions of the Member States and the Union delegations in third countries and international conferences, and their representations to international organisations, shall cooperate in ensuring that the European decisions defining Union positions and actions adopted pursuant to this Chapter are complied with and implemented. The rescEU medical capacity stock will be hosted by one or several member states. Declaration on Article I-26 The European System of Central Banks shall contribute to the smooth conduct of policies pursued by the competent authorities relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and the stability of the financial system.6. Article I-46 Article 10 Article II-114 Nationals of third countries who are authorised to work in the territories of the Member States are entitled to working conditions equivalent to those of citizens of the Union. PROCEDURE BEFORE THE COURT OF JUSTICE 9. representation and collective defence of the interests of workers and employers, including co-determination, subject to paragraph 6; This Title shall apply in the light of the Declaration on the Ignalina nuclear power plant in Lithuania which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 4 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. conduct all types of banking transactions in relations with third countries and international organisations, including borrowing and lending operations. Title I of the Statute and Article 64 thereof shall in any case apply to the specialised courts. Customs duties on imports into the Member States of goods originating in the countries and territories shall be prohibited in conformity with the prohibition of customs duties between Member States provided for in the Constitution.2. Furthermore, no Member State shall impose on the products of other Member States any internal taxation of such a nature as to afford indirect protection to other products. Everyone residing and moving legally within the European Union is entitled to social security benefits and social advantages in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices. developing new vaccines Portugal At the request of the European Parliament or the Council, the Commission shall report on the measures taken in the light of these observations and comments and in particular on the instructions given to the departments which are responsible for the implementation of the budget. (a) The Commission shall communicate this information to Community undertakings under the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community. 3. no State aid for restructuring is to be paid to the Czech steel industry after 1 May 2004. 2. Five years after the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, the Council, acting on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt a European decision repealing this Article. It shall respect its rich cultural and linguistic diversity, and shall ensure that Europe's cultural heritage is safeguarded and enhanced. The law or framework law concerned shall not enter into force until it is approved by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. New rules will allow farmers to benefit from loans or guarantees at favourable conditions to cover their operational costs of up to €200.000. Latvia Provisions on the Åland Islands in the fields referred to in paragraph 1(a) to (i), European framework laws may establish minimum requirements for gradual implementation, having regard to the conditions and technical rules obtaining in each of the Member States.