(b) *** signature *** This Treaty shall apply to the Kingdom of Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Estonia, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Poland, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Slovenia, the Slovak Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.2. two alternates nominated by the Federal Republic of Germany, TITLE VI Article III-169 the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications; The Union shall have legal personality. Any doubt on this point shall be settled by decision of the Court of Justice. How does the Commission plan to ensure the implementation and monitoring of its Guidelines? Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 52, the general safeguard clause referred to in Article 26 shall apply until 31 December 2012 if energy supply is disrupted in Lithuania. France (c) 1. It shall be assisted in this task by a Committee presided over by a member of the Commission and composed of representatives of Member States, trade unions and employers' organisations.3. (a) The total restructuring aid to be granted to the benefiting companies shall be determined by the justifications set out in the approved Czech steel restructuring plan and individual business plans as approved by the Council. The Union shall contribute to the promotion of European sporting issues, while taking account of the specific nature of sport, its structures based on voluntary activity and its social and educational function. 1. Article III-311 Otherwise, the slots go back into the pool for reallocation. The Union and the Member States concerned shall, in the event of a serious disturbance in rail transit, such as a natural disaster, take all possible concerted action to maintain the flow of traffic. DESIRING to settle certain particular problems relating to Denmark, Everyone shall have the possibility of being advised, defended and represented. ), usually by the end of the third year after the commitment. DESIRING to encourage greater involvement of national Parliaments in the activities of the European Union and to enhance their ability to express their views on draft European legislative acts as well as on other matters which may be of particular interest to them, 29 It shall be kept informed of how it evolves. the prohibition of the reproductive cloning of human beings. 6 common rules on competition; (c) The European Council shall meet quarterly, convened by its President. TITLE IV protection of the financial interests of the Union and of the European Atomic Energy Community and the fight against fraud; The policy of the Union in accordance with this Article shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States, it shall respect the obligations of certain Member States, which see their common defence realised in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, under the North Atlantic Treaty, and be compatible with the common security and defence policy established within that framework. The Governing Council shall determine the denomination and remuneration of such claims.4. For the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3, the member of the European Council or of the Council representing the withdrawing Member State shall not participate in the discussions of the European Council or Council or in European decisions concerning it. 1. In order to ensure the necessary phasing out of the pre-accession financial instruments referred to in paragraph 1 as well as the ISPA programme, and a smooth transition from the rules applicable before and after 1 May 2004, the Commission may take all appropriate measures to ensure that the necessary statutory staff is maintained in the new Member States for a maximum of fifteen months following that date. Article 53 Every person has the right to have the Union make good any damage caused by its institutions or by its servants in the performance of their duties, in accordance with the general principles common to the laws of the Member States.4. 12 In Article 14, the term &#x2018; a proposal &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; an initiative &#x2019; ; and the phrase &#x2018; adopt such measures &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; adopt the necessary European regulations or decisions &#x2019; . TITLE V Juan Fernando López Aguilar, chair of Parliament's civil liberties committee, noted the important role apps could play in mitigating the crisis and welcomed the introduction of the toolbox, but stressed that fundamental rights and data protection must be maintained. ( 1. Every citizen of the Union shall, in the territory of a third country in which the Member State of which he or she is a national is not represented, be entitled to protection by the diplomatic or consular authorities of any Member State, on the same conditions as the nationals of that Member State. Paragraph 1 shall be applicable for not more than five financial years after the start of the third stage. Any participating Member State which wishes to withdraw from permanent structured cooperation shall notify its intention to the Council, which shall take note that the Member State in question has ceased to participate.6. In all cases, the Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament, the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee.3. Everyone has the right to liberty and security of person. In accordance with Article III-185(5) of the Constitution, the European System of Central Banks shall contribute to the smooth conduct of policies pursued by the competent authorities relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and the stability of the financial system. MEPs deeply critical of latest political developments in Hungary and Poland MOLYVIATIS Recognising that the transit of persons by land between the region of Kaliningrad and other parts of the Russian Federation through Union territory is a matter concerning the Union as a whole and should be treated as such and must not entail any unfavourable consequence for Lithuania; Believes that the pandemic has shown the limits of the Union's capacity to act decisively and exposed the lack of the Commission's executive and budgetary powers; believes that the Union must undergo a profound reform in response; considers it necessary amid of the urgency to complete the Economic and Monetary Union, to activate the general passerelle clause to ease the decision-making process in all matters which could help to cope with the challenges of the current health crisis; The President or, in his absence, the Vice-President of the European Central Bank shall chair the General Council of the European Central Bank.2. By way of derogation from paragraph 1, when the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the Union.3. (a) The Governing Council may, by a majority of two thirds of the votes cast, decide upon the use of such other operational methods of monetary control as it sees fit, respecting Article 2. RECALLING that the provisions of Section 3 of Chapter III of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, on economic, social and territorial cohesion as a whole provide the legal basis for consolidating and further developing the Union's action in this field, including the creation of a fund; The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and the European Central Bank. 1. Article 3 Za prezidenta Slovenskej republiky Annex I The Union shall have competence to define and implement a common foreign and security policy, including the progressive framing of a common defence policy. Article 59 Article 21 Union delegations shall be placed under the authority of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. - It's an interesting debate. 2. As for expenditure arising from operations having military or defence implications, Member States whose representatives in the Council have made a formal declaration under Article III-300(1), second subparagraph, shall not be obliged to contribute to the financing thereof. 1. Article 13 SECTION 3 Karel DE GUCHT The Union shall draw up, together with the Western European Union, arrangements for enhanced cooperation between them. - (d) President ( OJ 7, 30.1.1961, p. 1. 15. (d) Article 63 FREE MOVEMENT OF PERSONS AND SERVICES Article 1 Article 38 The rules governing the language arrangements applicable at the Court of Justice of the European Union shall be laid down by a European regulation of the Council acting unanimously. 19 working conditions; 1. The Court of Justice has already established this rule with respect to the fundamental rights recognised as part of Union law (judgment of 17 February 1998, C-249/96 Grant, 1998 ECR I-621, paragraph 45 of the grounds). 5. Where the national Parliamentary system is not unicameral, Articles 1 to 7 shall apply to the component chambers.