The procedure before the Court of Justice shall consist of two parts: written and oral. has not taken a decision, the European law establishing the budget shall be deemed to have been adopted Article III-176 4. Commission consultation documents (green and white papers and communications) shall be forwarded directly by the Commission to national Parliaments upon publication. Declaration on Article III-220 The Bank shall deal with each Member State through the authority designated by that State. Except with regard to directives and decisions which enter into force pursuant to Article 254(1) and (2) of the EC Treaty, the new Member States shall be considered as having received notification of such directives and decisions upon 1 May 2004. Article 14 criteria and mechanisms for determining which Member State is responsible for considering an application for asylum or subsidiary protection; The information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall mainly concern: Article 2 Assistance under the Transition Facility shall be decided in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 8 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3906/89 of 18 December 1989 on economic aid to certain countries of Central and Eastern Europe( CHAPTER 4 Poland The Council shall act by a qualified majority except where the Constitution provides otherwise. Wlodzimierz CIMOSZEWICZ If the state of the liabilities of the Bank should so justify, the Board of Directors may decide to set aside additional reserves. Article 37 European laws shall lay down the general principles and limits which, on grounds of public or private interest, govern the right of access to such documents. Article III-230 Article 9 Article 1, second, third and fourth paragraphs and Article 5, third, fourth and fifth paragraphs, of the Protocol on the position of Denmark. Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs and Deputy Federal Chancellor SECTION 2 75 SECTION 9 Article 3 Article III-312(3), third and fourth subparagraphs, of the Constitution, (c) Declaration on Article III-248 Article III-414 Recalling that the Joint Declaration on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus annexed to the Final Act of the Treaty concerning the Accession of the United Kingdom to the European Communities provided that the arrangements applicable to relations between the European Economic Community and the Sovereign Base Areas will be defined within the context of any agreement between the Community and the Republic of Cyprus, Upon this notification a vacancy shall arise on the bench. DESIRING to lay down the details of the excessive deficit procedure referred to in Article III-184 of the Constitution, Any European State which wishes to become a member of the Union shall address its application to the Council. In the EAEC Treaty the term &#x2018; decision &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; European decision &#x2019; save in Articles 18, 20 and 23 and the first paragraph of Article 53 and in cases where a decision is taken by the Court of Justice of the European Union.6. The proposal was adopted with 671 votes in favour, 3 against and 14 abstentions. *** signature *** In those sectors in which the Kingdom of Spain places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in Member States and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. An European reserve, set up to assist when the resources of member states are insufficient directly or indirectly imposing unfair purchase or selling prices or other unfair trading conditions; DECLARATIONS CONCERNING THE PROTOCOL ON THE TREATY AND THE ACT OF ACCESSION OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC, THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA, THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS, THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA, THE REPUBLIC OF LITHUANIA, THE REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY, THE REPUBLIC OF MALTA, THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND, THE REPUBLIC OF SLOVENIA AND THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC UNION MEMBERSHIP HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF DENMARK, The Court of Justice of the European Union shall in accordance with Part III: Article 1 CHAPTER IV Two rapid border interventions were launched, additional border guards have been deployed and Greece activated the Civil Protection Mechanism, resulting in more than 90,000 items of assistance to the camps being giving to Greece by EU countries. transport; in the case of a merger with a company not included in Annex 1 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, pass on the benefit of the aid granted to the benefiting company; CONVINCED that, thus &#x2018; United in diversity &#x2019; , Europe offers them the best chance of pursuing, with due regard for the rights of each individual and in awareness of their responsibilities towards future generations and the Earth, the great venture which makes of it a special area of human hope, Subsection 1 (b) Nationals of a Member State shall have the right, in the territory of another Member State, to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons and to set up and manage undertakings, in particular companies or firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article III-142, under the conditions laid down for its own nationals by the law of the Member State where such establishment is effected, subject to Section 4 relating to capital and payments. European laws shall also lay down the procedures for scrutiny of Europol's activities by the European Parliament, together with national Parliaments. If and as long as there are Member States with a derogation, and without prejudice to Article III-187(1), the General Council of the European Central Bank referred to in Article 45 of the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank shall be constituted as a third decision-making body of the European Central Bank. Article I-52 The European System of Central Banks shall be governed by the decision-making bodies of the European Central Bank. Education has been hard hit by the Covid-19 crisis. Article 10 The Bank shall not finance, in whole or in part, any investment opposed by the Member State in whose territory it is to be carried out. be linked to future production; Article III-307 The application of the Constitution and acts adopted by the institutions shall, as a transitional measure, be subject to the derogations provided for in this Protocol. The Commission shall adopt European regulations or decisions fixing the amount of these charges at the level required to redress the balance. (b) If Denmark does not submit a notification in accordance with Articles 3 or 4 regarding a measure building upon the Schengen acquis, the Member States bound by that measure and Denmark will consider appropriate measures to be taken. 9. If a member of the Council declares that, for vital and stated reasons of national policy, it intends to oppose the adoption of a European decision to be adopted by a qualified majority, a vote shall not be taken. The Commission shall inform the Council in good time before revoking safeguard measures, and it shall take duly into account any observations of the Council in this respect. President Dr. 1. Explanation Some will be travelling to Luxembourg next week. Equality between women and men must be ensured in all areas, including employment, work and pay. (b) PROTOCOL ON THE PACIFIC FINANCIAL COMMUNITY FRANC SYSTEM Only members of the Council representing the participating Member States shall take part in the vote. 1. Part III, Title III, Chapter III, Section 4 If, as regards the aid in question, the Commission has already initiated the procedure provided for in the first subparagraph of this paragraph, the fact that the Member State concerned has made its application to the Council shall have the effect of suspending that procedure until the Council has made its attitude known. 355 For the President of Ireland the first report shall reach the Commission by 15 March 2003 and the last report by 15 March 2007, unless the Commission decides otherwise, Parliament also agreed to free up over €3 billion to directly support healthcare systems in the most affected EU member states in their fight against the pandemic. Protocol relating to Article I-9(2) of the Constitution on the accession of the Union to the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms In accordance with Article III-382(1) of the Constitution, the Governing Council shall comprise the members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank and the Governors of the national central banks of the Member States without a derogation as referred to in Article III-197 of the Constitution. They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as these shortcomings persist. The urgent measures to help people and businesses tackle the crisis were voted on in plenary less than two weeks after the Commission tabled its proposals. * 1. Emergency support fund for media ) The Convention shall examine the proposals for amendments and shall adopt by consensus a recommendation to a conference of representatives of the governments of the Member States as provided for in paragraph 3. Geschehen zu Rom am neunundzwanzigsten Oktober zweitausendundvier. In that case, it shall not be obliged to apply the European decision, but shall accept that the latter commits the Union. Sole article Simplified amendment procedures