Silvio BERLUSCONI Article III-394 (d) Celex Test The amended proposal was adopted with 671 votes in favour, 10 against and 15 abstentions. Sole article 2. Other fermented beverages (for example, cider, perry and mead) The Commission shall administer the Fund. Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. Member States shall consult one another within the European Council and the Council on any foreign and security policy issue which is of general interest in order to determine a common approach. CHAPTER II Estonia In the longer term, short-time work schemes can prevent more severe consequences on the economy and help businesses recover faster after the crisis. 4. 22. The Ombudsman shall be completely independent in the performance of his or her duties. Interest rates shall be measured on the basis of long-term government bonds or comparable securities, taking into account differences in national definitions. Provisions on rail and combined transport in Austria The European Green Deal and the digital transformation should be at its core in order to kick-start the economy, MEPs stress. Save in the case of compulsory retirement, members of the Court of Auditors shall remain in office until they have been replaced. If, after the adoption of a harmonisation measure by means of a European law or framework law or by means of a European regulation of the Commission, a Member State deems it necessary to maintain national provisions on grounds of major needs referred to in Article III-154, or relating to the protection of the environment or the working environment, it shall notify the Commission of these provisions as well as the grounds for maintaining them.5. Inflation shall be measured by means of the consumer price index on a comparable basis, taking into account differences in national definitions. Where Part III provides for the Council to act by unanimity in a given area or case, the European Council may adopt a European decision authorising the Council to act by a qualified majority in that area or in that case. In particular, the Member State shall not have devalued its currency's bilateral central rate against the euro on its own initiative for the same period. The EU is putting forward a €540 billion support package to tackle the crisis and support workers, businesses and member states. Check out our timeline for a clear picture by theme. Unless otherwise stipulated in specific cases, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the necessary European regulations or decisions to implement this Section.2. In this context, where either Ireland or the United Kingdom or both have not notified the President of the Council in writing within a reasonable period that they wish to take part, the authorisation referred to in Article III-419(1) of the Constitution shall be deemed to have been granted to the Member States referred to in Article 1 and to Ireland or the United Kingdom where either of them wishes to take part in the areas of cooperation in question. (a) Despite some positive figures, the general situation of media freedom across the world has worsened and hostility towards journalists has increased. To that end, the Conference stresses that specific provisions have been included in Section 6 of Title V of the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. European laws shall establish a multiannual framework programme, setting out all the activities financed by the Union. (g) RESTRICTIVE MEASURES These agreements may contain reciprocal rights and obligations as well as the possibility of undertaking activities jointly. Article 2 PROTOCOL ON THE APPLICATION OF CERTAIN ASPECTS OF ARTICLE III-130 OF THE CONSTITUTION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM AND TO IRELAND - Each national central bank shall be credited by the European Central Bank with a claim equivalent to its contribution. 10 (d) 35. Declaration on Articles III-136 and III-267 5. When granting a loan to an undertaking or to a body other than a Member State, the Bank shall make the loan conditional either on a guarantee from the Member State in whose territory the investment will be carried out, on adequate guarantees, or on the financial strength of the debtor. In the event of one of the Judges of a chamber being prevented from attending, a Judge of another chamber may be called upon to sit in accordance with conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure. 2. 3. The periods of additional plenary sessions shall be held in Brussels. Article 65 The Commission shall deal with each Member State concerned through the authority designated by that State. The EU has come up with a coordinated response to help tackle the current crisis. In accordance with Article III-185(3) of the Constitution, paragraph 1(c) of this Article shall be without prejudice to the holding and management by the governments of Member States of foreign-exchange working balances.3. Article 63 Article III-178 Notwithstanding the first, second and third paragraphs: Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 Moreover, where it considers that a case before it is of exceptional importance, the Court of Justice may decide, after hearing the Advocate-General, to refer the case to the full Court. Insofar as this Charter contains rights which correspond to rights guaranteed by the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, the meaning and scope of those rights shall be the same as those laid down by the said Convention. Hungary fundamental research (applicable to reactor types); (b) this Treaty shall not apply to the Faeroe Islands; - the achievement of a high degree of price stability; this is apparent from a rate of inflation which is close to that of, at most, the three best performing Member States in terms of price stability; OJ L 281, 23.11.1995 1. FINANCIAL PROVISIONS OF THE EUROPEAN SYSTEM OF CENTRAL BANKS Austria The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. This Article is based on Article 12 of the ECHR, which reads as follows: &#x2018; Men and women of marriageable age have the right to marry and to found a family according to the national laws governing the exercising of this right. &#x2019; The wording of the Article has been modernised to cover cases in which national legislation recognises arrangements other than marriage for founding a family. He added that the EU should also continue its work on the New Pact on Migration and Asylum , set to be presented in the coming months. The Bank of England shall pay up its subscription to the capital of the European Central Bank as a contribution to its operational costs on the same basis as national central banks of Member States with a derogation. ) corresponds to Article 11 of the ECHR, but its scope is extended to European Union level The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and the Committee of the Regions. Every citizen of the Union shall, in the territory of a third country in which the Member State of which he or she is a national is not represented, be entitled to protection by the diplomatic or consular authorities of any Member State, on the same conditions as the nationals of that Member State. In cases of non-compliance the European Central Bank shall be entitled to levy penalty interest and to impose other sanctions with comparable effect.2. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 1. Protocol on Article I-41(2) of the Constitution 4. 28 February 2020 The &#x2018; non bis in idem &#x2019; rule applies in Union law (see, among the many precedents, the judgment of 5 May 1966, Cases 18/65 and 35/65, Gutmann v Commission [1966] ECR 103 and a recent case, the decision of the Court of First Instance of 20 April 1999, Joined Cases T-305/94 and others, Limburgse Vinyl Maatschappij NV v. Union implementing acts shall take the form of European implementing regulations or European implementing decisions. Prior to the decision of the European Council, representatives of the European Parliament and of the European Council will thus conduct the necessary consultations in the framework deemed the most appropriate. Slovenia Article 5 THE UNION'S ANNUAL BUDGET - (c) PART I 1. 9. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt appropriate measures to ensure unified representation within the international financial institutions and conferences. (d) 9 The first and second subparagraphs are without prejudice to the voting rights of all members of the Governing Council, with and without a voting right, under paragraph 3 and Article 40(2) and (3). The European Parliament, the Council and the Commission shall be assisted by a Committee of the Regions and an Economic and Social Committee, exercising advisory functions.2. It may also issue an opinion on its own initiative.