(e) The Court of Justice shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. Original language of question: SK Article 26 Member States shall show mutual solidarity.6. TEMPORARY PROVISIONS Conditions of eligibility and procedure for accession to the Union (a) the rights of individuals in criminal procedure; DESIRING to settle certain particular problems relating to Denmark; After receiving a health check, 1,600 unaccompanied minors currently staying in the hotspots on the islands will be relocated to other EU countries:, namelyGermany, France, Portugal, Finland, Lithuania, Croatia, Ireland and Luxembourg. 1. Such views shall be taken into consideration on matters which concern them in accordance with their age and maturity.2. European laws shall establish the Union's annual budget in accordance with the following provisions: RECALLING the necessity that the provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community should continue to have full legal effect; This Treaty shall not preclude the existence or completion of regional unions between Belgium and Luxembourg, or between Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, to the extent that the objectives of these regional unions are not attained by application of the said Treaty. 1. This Article shall not apply to employment in the public service. 13 If it decides to do so, this measure will create an obligation under international law between Denmark and the other Member States bound by the measure. Article 1, second, third and fourth paragraphs, and Article 3(1), second, third and fourth subparagraphs, of the Protocol on the position of the United Kingdom and Ireland on policies in respect of border controls, asylum and immigration, judicial cooperation in civil matters and on police cooperation, ) Beet sugar and cane sugar, solid Article III-432 (d) 3. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, or the Commission, according to which of these two institutions adopted the original acts, shall to this end adopt the necessary acts. ) is based on that provision. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, who shall chair the Foreign Affairs Council, shall contribute through his or her proposals towards the preparation of the common foreign and security policy and shall ensure implementation of the European decisions adopted by the European Council and the Council.2. to monitor the employment situation and employment policies in the Union and the Member States; In this connection, any Member State, the Commission or the Board of Directors of the Bank may institute proceedings under the conditions laid down in Article III-365; The Court of Justice shall sit in a Grand Chamber when a Member State or an institution of the Union that is party to the proceedings so requests. 1. Denmark As set out in the Phare Guidelines (SEC (1999) 1596, updated on 6.9.2002 by C 3303/2). (b) In addition to the EU increasing the flexibility of current programmes and structural funds, direct support measures are also under consideration. Protection in the event of unjustified dismissal European laws or framework laws shall implement paragraph 1, taking into account the distinctive features of transport. Operating expenditure to which the implementation of this Chapter gives rise shall also be charged to the Union budget, except for such expenditure arising from operations having military or defence implications and cases where the Council decides otherwise. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Declaration on Article III-116 (b) The Union shall contribute to the achievement of the objectives set out in paragraph 1 through the policies and activities it pursues under other provisions of the Constitution. The Commission may attend all the meetings of the European Parliament and shall, at its request, be heard. From 1 January 1981, such information as has been communicated to Member States, persons and undertakings, in accordance with Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, shall be placed at the disposal of the Hellenic Republic, which shall give it limited distribution within its territory under the conditions laid down in that Article.2. to promote exchanges of information, experience and good practice between Member States and with the Commission; INSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS The Commission confirms its understanding that the provisions of Union law applicable to the Sovereign Base Areas pursuant to Title III of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic include: The Council, by common accord with the President-elect, shall adopt the list of the other persons whom it proposes for appointment as members of the Commission. . The reference to the ECHR covers both the Convention and the Protocols to it. Article III-257 Stresses the particularly acute and worsening financial situation in the media, especially news media across the EU, due to the abrupt reduction or complete loss of advertising revenues, which may lead to the failure of news organisations across the Member States; highlights the especially dire state of local and regional news media as well as those operating in small markets; points out that free, independent and sufficiently funded media are instrumental for a functioning democracy and for ensuring that citizens are well informed throughout this crisis; If he or she does not obtain the required majority, the European Council, acting by a qualified majority, shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the European Parliament following the same procedure. common procedures for the granting and withdrawing of uniform asylum or subsidiary protection status; support to costs for logistics and operations. From 1 January 1973, the United Kingdom shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community an equivalent volume of information in the sectors set out in the list contained in the Annex ( The members of the Executive Board shall not have the right to vote on matters referred to in this paragraph.4. Denmark shall maintain the rights and obligations existing before the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe with regard to the Schengen acquis. Subsection 1 Slovakia The measures listed in Annexes V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI, XII, XIII and XIV to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall apply in respect of the new Member States under the conditions laid down in those Annexes. On the basis of this report, and without prejudice to the other provisions of the Constitution, a European law or framework law of the Council may add to the rights laid down in Article I-10. 1. The reference to general interests recognised by the Union covers both the objectives mentioned in Article I-2 of the Constitution and other interests protected by specific provisions of the Constitution such as Articles I-5(1), III-133(3), III-154 and III-436. 8. 1. 26 MEPs have called for a European information source to ensure that everyone has access to accurate and verified information in their language and have asked social media companies to tackle disinformation and hate speech. 18 Most of this funding comes from reorienting existing EU funds and programmes . For Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland For Hendes Majestæt Danmarks Dronning Union legislative acts may be adopted only on the basis of a Commission proposal, except where the Constitution provides otherwise. The Charter does not alter the system of rights conferred by the EC Treaty and now taken over by Parts I and III of the Constitution. Protocol on economic, social and territorial cohesion The revenue from these assets, referred to as the &#x2018; Research Fund for Coal and Steel &#x2019; , shall be used exclusively for research, outside the research framework programme, in sectors related to the coal and steel industry in accordance with this Protocol and with acts adopted under it. acquis Cyprus MEPs stressed the need for anonymised data and said that to limit the potential risk of abuse, the generated data should not be stored in centralised databases. Für den Präsidenten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 1. 30 1. 4. Official Journal of the European Union 2. As regards the situations referred to by Article 4 of Protocol No 7, namely the application of the principle within the same Member State, the guaranteed right has the same meaning and the same scope as the corresponding right in the ECHR. 24. Denmark be formed on the initiative of the producers themselves, Provisions should be adopted allowing for a smooth transition from the system for decision-making in the Council by a qualified majority as defined in the Treaty of Nice and set out in Article 2(2) of the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union annexed to the Constitution, which will continue to apply until 31 October 2009, to the voting system provided for in Article I-25 of the Constitution, which will apply with effect from 1 November 2009. in action lawfully taken for the purpose of quelling a riot or insurrection. &#x2019; It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. In the event of an increase in the subscribed capital, the Board of Governors, acting unanimously, shall fix the percentage to be paid up and the arrangements for payment. 10. Article 18 ANNEXED TO THE ACT OF ACCESSION OF 16 APRIL 2003 B. whereas Parliament adopted a resolution on 15 January 2020 on the European Green Deal (2019/2956(RSP))1;