Declaration on Articles III-160 and III-322 improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the companies' business management and also ensuring better control of direct sales, 4 The EU's response to the coronavirus The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt a European decision determining those aspects of family law with cross-border implications which may be the subject of acts adopted by the ordinary legislative procedure. PART ONE acquis They shall be involved in the political monitoring of Europol and the evaluation of Eurojust's activities in accordance with Articles III-276 and III-273.3. Final decisions of the General Court, decisions disposing of the substantive issues in part only or disposing of a procedural issue concerning a plea of lack of competence or inadmissibility, shall be notified by the Registrar of the General Court to all parties as well as all Member States and the institutions of the Union even if they did not intervene in the case before the General Court. The Ignalina Programme shall include measures to support plant personnel in maintaining a high level of operational safety at the Ignalina nuclear power plant in the periods prior to the closure and during the decommissioning of the said reactor units.5. Cyprus 6 CHAPTER II The money will also be used to directly purchase and distribute medical supplies such as respirators, protective equipment and reusable masks. Article 59 Where, in cases referred to in this Part, Denmark is bound by a measure adopted by the Council pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, the relevant provisions of the Constitution shall apply to Denmark in relation to that measure. 7 3. 54 (a) The reports shall also examine whether a high degree of sustainable convergence has been achieved, by analysing how far each of these Member States has fulfilled the following criteria: The Council and the Commission, in particular in the cases referred to in articles I-36 and I-37, and the European Central Bank in the specific cases provided for in the constitution, shall adopt European regulations and decisions.3. Without prejudice to Subsection 2 relating to freedom of establishment, the person providing a service may, in order to do so, temporarily pursue his or her activity in the Member State where the service is provided, under the same conditions as are imposed by that State on its own nationals. administrative and control structures for agriculture and rural development, including the Integrated Administration and Control System (IACS); Its Rules of Procedure shall determine the quorum. Article III-417 This regulation shall be adopted either at the request of the Court of Justice and after consultation of the Commission and the European Parliament, or on a proposal from the Commission and after consultation of the Court of Justice and of the European Parliament. 4. In addition, the European Central Bank is providing €750 billion to relieve government debt during the crisis, as well as €120 billion in quantitative easing and €20 billion in debt purchases. In order to bring it into line with the Constitution, this Act is hereby amended as follows: Measures under the Ignalina Programme shall be decided and implemented in accordance with the provisions laid down in Council Regulation (EEC) No 3906/89 of 18 December 1989 on economic aid to certain countries of Central and Eastern Europe( THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, The outbreak of the coronavirus has led to disinformation spreading, which hampers efforts to contain the pandemic. The Conference takes note of the explanations relating to the Charter of Fundamental Rights prepared under the authority of the Praesidium of the Convention which drafted the Charter and updated under the responsibility of the Praesidium of the European Convention, as set out below. In the latter event the proceedings must be instituted within the period of two months provided for in Article III-365 of the Constitution. 4. Article III-299 CONSUMER PROTECTION If transitional measures are necessary to facilitate the transition from the existing regime in Austria, Finland and Sweden to that resulting from application of the common organisation of the markets under the conditions set out in the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden, such measures shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 38 of Regulation No 136/66/EEC or, as appropriate, in the corresponding Articles of the other Regulations on the common organisation of agricultural markets. Official Journal of the European Union The Conference notes that Sweden and Finland are committed to preserving and developing the means of livelihood, language, culture and way of life of the Sami people and considers that traditional Sami culture and livelihood depend on primary economic activities, such as reindeer husbandry in the traditional areas of Sami settlement. Nothing in this Charter shall be interpreted as implying any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms recognised in this Charter or at their limitation to a greater extent than is provided for herein. ) If any member of the Commission no longer fulfils the conditions required for the performance of his or her duties or if he or she has been guilty of serious misconduct, the Court of Justice may, on application by the Council, acting by a simple majority, or by the Commission, compulsorily retire him or her. OJ L 232, 2.9.1999, p. the lawful detention of persons for the prevention of the spreading of infectious diseases, of persons of unsound mind, alcoholics or drug addicts or vagrants; 5. The transitional provisions relating to the composition of the European Parliament, to the definition of a qualified majority in the European Council and in the Council, including those cases where not all members of the European Council or Council vote, and to the composition of the Commission, including the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, shall be laid down in the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union. (a) The Republic of Finland shall ensure that the same treatment applies to all natural and legal persons of the Member States in the Åland islands. The members of the Commission shall be selected from among the nationals of the Member States on the basis of a system of equal rotation between the Member States. The Protocols previously annexed to the EAEC Treaty shall be repealed. The Union shall provide itself with the means necessary to attain its objectives and carry through its policies.2. The Union's budget It has to be approved by Parliament and Council and was fast tracked through Parliament's regional development committee. (h) V Rimu, devetindvajsetega oktobra leta dva tisoc stiri Done at Rome on the twenty-ninth day of October in the year two thousand and four. The provisions referred to in the first paragraph shall have the same status in law as the acts which they repeal or amend and shall be subject to the same rules as those acts. 23,70 THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Find out what the EU is doing for healthcare, research, economy, employment, society, travel and transport. Find out what the EU is doing to mitigate the impact of the Covid19 outbreak, protect people and the economy and promote solidarity. (b) (a) The Commission, acting on its own initiative or on application by a Member State, shall investigate any cases of discrimination falling within paragraph 1 and, after consulting any Member State concerned, adopt the necessary European decisions within the framework of the European regulations and decisions referred to in paragraph 3. Unanimity shall be constituted by the votes of the representatives of the participating Member States only. Amending EU funding rules falls under the co-decision procedure, so both Parliament and Council will need to adopt it. 26. 1. Article 1 K. whereas Parliament, as co-legislator, joint budgetary authority and the only institution directly elected by universal suffrage, must be included as an integral and essential part of all discussions on the EU's response to this crisis and the subsequent recovery; take over the assets of any company not included in Annex 1 to Protocol 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 which is declared bankrupt in the period up to 31 December 2006. Seventy years after the Schuman declaration, Europe is facing a crisis that makes EU solidarity more important than ever. Expenditure resulting from implementation of enhanced cooperation, other than administrative costs entailed for the institutions, shall be borne by the participating Member States, unless all members of the Council, acting unanimously after consulting the European Parliament, decide otherwise. Definition of qualified majority within the European Council and the Council the sustainability of the government financial position; this is apparent from having achieved a government budgetary position without a deficit that is excessive as determined in accordance with Article III-184(6); The Union and the Member States shall ensure that the conditions necessary for the competitiveness of the Union's industry exist. Decree Law No 2687/53 (Investment and protection of foreign capital), financial support from the Cohesion Fund. Hungary employment restructuring shall be implemented; levels of productivity comparable to those obtained by Union steel industry product groups shall be reached as at 31 December 2006, based on consolidated figures including indirect employment in the wholly owned service companies; The Commission is looking at the needs of Member States in this regard. monetary policy for the Member States whose currency is the euro; Each Member State shall make this payment in proportion to its share of the subscribed capital. A European law or framework law of the Council shall establish measures for the harmonisation of legislation concerning turnover taxes, excise duties and other forms of indirect taxation provided that such harmonisation is necessary to ensure the establishment and the functioning of the internal market and to avoid distortion of competition. (a) the lawful detention of a person after conviction by a competent court; A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of these Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. The Bank shall cooperate with all international organisations active in fields similar to its own.2. The European Council shall define the general guidelines for the common foreign and security policy, including for matters with defence implications. The Community shall enjoy in the territories of the Member States such privileges and immunities as are necessary for the performance of its tasks, under the conditions laid down in the Protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Union. &#x2019; Declaration on Article IV-448(2) The Member States reaffirm their conviction that the Structural Funds should continue to play a considerable part in the achievement of Union objectives in the field of cohesion.3. Poland Article III-205 Article III-301 (a) The Council shall frame this policy within the framework of the strategic guidelines established by the European Council and in accordance with Part III.3. The Union shall take measures to ensure coordination of the employment policies of the Member States, in particular by defining guidelines for these policies.3.