The European Parliament may meet in extraordinary part-session at the request of a majority of its component members or at the request of the Council or of the Commission. The United Kingdom shall also have no right to participate in the appointment of the President, the Vice-President and the other members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank under the second, third and fourth subparagraphs of Article III-382(2) of the Constitution. Declaration on the Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant in Lithuania Any Member State may decide to withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements.2. HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: *** signature *** The President of the Council shall inform the European Parliament of the measures adopted. (i) (b) 2. 33 They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee; 1. 3. Article III-381 It shall ensure that these rules are published.2. Animal products not elsewhere specified or included; dead animals of Chapter 1 or Chapter 3, unfit for human consumption Article III-173 Explanation (b) The Conference considers that in the event that a draft European law or framework law based on Article III-267(2) would affect fundamental aspects of the social security system of a Member State, including its scope, cost or financial structure, or would affect the financial balance of that system as set out in Article III-136(2), the interests of that Member State will be duly taken into account. The criteria for selecting such cases, as well as the procedures for designating the Advocates-General, shall be laid down in the Rules of Procedure of the General Court. DECLARATIONS CONCERNING PROTOCOLS ANNEXED TO THE CONSTITUTION &#x2018; 2. The Board of Directors shall co-opt six non-voting experts: three as members and three as alternates. Article III-283 The statutes of the national central banks shall, in particular, provide that the term of office of a Governor of a national central bank shall be no less than five years. 5. Collective expulsions are prohibited.2. The Union's contractual liability shall be governed by the law applicable to the contract in question. Article 2 within the framework of economic development programmes. To that end, the Member States shall coordinate between themselves in the Council. 1. If the infringement referred to in paragraph 1 is not brought to an end, the Commission shall adopt a reasoned European decision recording the infringement of the principles. Subject to the provisions relating to public health, public security or public policy, freedom of movement within Member States for workers from the countries and territories, and within the countries and territories for workers from Member States, shall be regulated by acts adopted in accordance with Article III-291. the particular nature of agricultural activity, which results from the social structure of agriculture and from structural and natural disparities between the various agricultural regions; Member States shall refrain from introducing any new measure which is contrary to the principles laid down in paragraph 1 or which restricts the scope of the Articles dealing with the prohibition of customs duties and quantitative restrictions between Member States.3. Article IV-438 Italy Hungary 38. 13. The European Parliament shall act on its own initiative after seeking an opinion from the Commission and after obtaining the consent of the Council. the right of every person to be heard, before any individual measure which would affect him or her adversely is taken; The Union and its neighbours Explanation Long-term EU measures must mitigate the economic impact and invest more in research THE MULTIANNUAL FINANCIAL FRAMEWORK In this context, European laws shall determine Eurojust's structure, operation, field of action and tasks. Subsection 1 control by the Commission over tendering and contracting following a positively assessed Extended Decentralised Implementation System (EDIS) in accordance with the criteria and conditions laid down in the Annex to Council Regulation (EC) No 1266/1999 of 21 June 1999 on coordinating aid to the applicant countries in the framework of the pre-accession strategy and amending Regulation (EEC) No 3906/89( for Huta Buczek, obtaining the necessary financial support from creditors and local financial institutions and implementing the cost savings programme, including reducing the investment cost by adapting existing production facilities; 3. Exceptionally, it will be possible to fully finance cohesion policy programmes related to COVID-19 through 100% EU funding during the accounting year starting on 1 July 2020 and ending on 30 June 2021. The Commission shall inform the Council in good time before revoking the European regulations or decisions establishing the safeguard measures, and it shall take duly into account any observations of the Council in this respect. 1. Article 2 The archives of the Union shall be inviolable. (b) No exemption shall be granted in respect of taxes and dues which amount merely to charges for public utility services. 21 A European law of the Council may make the necessary amendments to this Section. Law No 289/76 (Incentives with a view to promoting the development of frontier regions and governing all pertinent questions), It shall act unanimously in those areas in which unanimity is required for the adoption of a Union act. Recommendations and opinions shall have no binding force. French GUE/NGL member Younous Omarjee , the chair of Parliament's regional development committe, said upon receipt of the proposal on 17 March: "We must respond as urgently as possible, by channelling all means available under the cohesion policy, to mitigate the catastrophic situation caused by the coronavirus epidemic. The Committee shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. on a recommendation from the European Central Bank and after consulting the Commission. (a) Appropriate procedures shall be agreed to that effect in an Agreement to be concluded with those States by the Council, acting by the unanimity of its members mentioned in Article 1. Za Prezydenta Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej Käesoleva lõppakti on allkirjastanud Euroopa Liidu kandidaatriikide esindajatena ka konverentsi vaatlejad: (b) SECTION 9 1. Article I-23 THE FEDERAL PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA, Many aspects of the current crisis require a common approach and pooled resources; in agreeing rules to maintain open borders for the flow of vital medical and food supplies, support for businesses, jobs or consumers, funds to promote research into viable vaccines, common rules for the airline industry, support measures for agriculture and the tourism sectors and assistance to our immediate neighbours and third country partners." it may, subject to the provisions of Article 18(2), buy and sell securities; Italy The first paragraph has been based on Articles 2 and 3(2) of the EC Treaty, now replaced by Articles I-3 and III-116 of the Constitution which impose the objective of promoting equality between men and women on the Union, and on Article 141(1) of the EC Treaty, now replaced by Article III-214(1) of the Constitution. The institutions and bodies referred to in Article I-10(2)(d) are those listed in Articles I-19(1), second subparagraph, I-30, I-31 and I-32 and also the European Ombudsman. Article III-289 - 25 Hecho en Roma, el veintinueve de octubre del dos mil cuatro. Falkland Islands Where a Member State is in difficulties or is seriously threatened with severe difficulties caused by natural disasters or exceptional occurrences beyond its control, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt a European decision granting, under certain conditions, Union financial assistance to the Member State concerned. Article 15 The Treaty of Nice of 26 February 2001 amending the Treaty on European Union, the Treaties establishing the European Communities and certain related acts is hereby repealed ( A European law or framework law of the Council may establish measures concerning operational cooperation between the authorities referred to in this Article. The budget shall be implemented in accordance with the principle of sound financial management. 1. Article 8 improvement of the knowledge and dissemination of the culture and history of the European peoples; 29. The Conference considers that the European laws referred to in the second subparagraph of Article III-273(1) should take into account national rules and practices relating to the initiation of criminal investigations. Such data must be processed fairly for specified purposes and on the basis of the consent of the person concerned or some other legitimate basis laid down by law. EUR 59 543 425