Article 23 The peoples of Europe, in creating an ever closer union among them, are resolved to share a peaceful future based on common values. Health care refer the draft back to the Council, which shall terminate the suspension of the procedure referred to in Article III-396, or 79 Human dignity the European Parliament, acting by a majority of its component members, and the Council both reject the joint text, or if one of these institutions rejects the joint text while the other one fails to take a decision, a new draft budget shall be submitted by the Commission, or 1. In the latter case, a blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. The 'use it or lose it' rule will be waived for the whole summer season, from 29 March until 24 October 2020. Celex Test Every citizen of the Union has the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at elections to the European Parliament in the Member State in which he or she resides, under the same conditions as nationals of that State. The Union and the Member States shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organisations in the field of education and sport, in particular the Council of Europe. In response to progress made by the new Member State concerned in rectifying the identified shortcomings, the Commission may adapt the adopted measures as appropriate after consulting the Member States. energy; Article III-144 The Union and the Member States shall comply with the commitments and take account of the objectives they have approved in the context of the United Nations and other competent international organisations. Providing emergency support for health sectors They shall be judicially cognisable only in the interpretation of such acts and in the ruling on their legality.6. Explanation Provisions relating to the Common Fisheries Policy (b) measures needed to avoid deflection of trade where the Member State with a derogation, which is in difficulties, maintains or reintroduces quantitative restrictions against third countries; where the execution of the investment contributes to an increase in economic productivity in general and promotes the establishment or functioning of the internal market. (b) ) force majeure Economic reform should include "recovery bonds", guaranteed by the EU budget The Union aims at achieving balanced economic growth and price stability. Nedanstående observatörer vid konferensen har, i sin egenskap av kandidatstater inför anslutning till Europeiska unionen, likaledes undertecknat denna slutakt: For their official communications and the transmission of all their documents, the institutions of the Union shall enjoy in the territory of each Member State the treatment accorded by that State to diplomatic missions. Article III-372 Any vacancy arising as a result of death, voluntary resignation, compulsory retirement or collective resignation shall be filled in accordance with paragraph 2. It shall oversee the application of Union law under the control of the Court of Justice of the European Union. 4 2. Article 34 From 1 January 1973, Denmark shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community an equivalent volume of information in the sectors specified in paragraph 3. (c) Before 1 January 1998, the Council, on the basis of a report by the Commission, shall review the operation of provisions concerning transit of goods by road through Austria. 24. the authorisations granted; 1. Article III-193 Nothing in Articles III-130 and III-265 of the Constitution or in any other provision of the Constitution or in any measure adopted under it shall prejudice the right of the United Kingdom to adopt or exercise any such controls. In accordance with Article III-393 of the Constitution, the Bank's members shall be the Member States. WHEREAS, in order to organise the transition from the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union and the European Community to the European Union established by the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe which is their successor, it is necessary to lay down transitional provisions which will apply before all the provisions of the Constitution and the instruments necessary for their implementation take full effect, shall present a report to the European Parliament after each of the meetings of the European Council. Pelo Presidente da República Portuguesa The Registrar of the Court of Justice shall communicate the decision of the Court of Justice to the President of the European Parliament and to the President of the Commission and shall notify it to the President of the Council. Representation of citizens shall be degressively proportional, with a minimum threshold of six members per Member State. Creating a common EU reserve of medical equipment The European Parliament shall be kept fully informed. restrictions, on a non-discriminatory basis, on the right of establishment and the right to provide services by natural persons who do not enjoy hembygdsrätt/kotiseutuoikeus (regional citizenship) in Åland, or by legal persons without permission by the competent authorities of the Åland islands. 1. Parliament takes urgent action However, the Union shall be represented by each of the institutions, by virtue of their administrative autonomy, in matters relating to their respective operation. Part of the money for projects comes from member states and the rest is co-financed with EU funds. 4. The Union shall enjoy in the territories of the Member States such privileges and immunities as are necessary for the performance of its tasks, under the conditions laid down in the Protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Union. A post-crisis Union that is stronger, and delivers more effective action to its citizens The emergency measures taken by some governments in response to the Covid-19 outbreak have had an impact on the ranking of some countries such as China (ranked 177th), Iran (down three places at 173) and Iraq (down six places at 162). Prime Minister No Member State shall be obliged to avail itself of such support. The Governing Council, acting by the qualified majority provided for in Article 10(3), shall determine the extent to which and the form in which the capital shall be paid up.4. Action by the Union, which shall complement national policies, shall be directed towards improving public health, preventing human illness and diseases, and obviating sources of danger to physical and mental health. PART II Monitoring shall include an independent evaluation to be carried out in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006. (e) 4. Celex Test The Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies and the governments of the Member States undertake to respect this principle and not to seek to influence the members of the decision-making bodies of the European Central Bank or of the national central banks in the performance of their tasks. In order to enable the common organisation referred to in paragraph 1 to attain its objectives, one or more agricultural guidance and guarantee funds may be set up. The financial year shall run from 1 January to 31 December. The Court of Justice enshrined that right in its judgment of 15 May 1986 as a general principle of Union law (Case 222/84 Johnston [1986] ECR 1651; see also judgment of 15 October 1987, Case 222/86 Heylens [1987] ECR 4097 and judgment of 3 December 1992, Case C-97/91 Borelli [1992] ECR I-6313). TITLE II The negotiation and conclusion of international agreements in the field of transport shall be subject to Section 7 of Chapter III of Title III and to Article III-325.6. See also Directive 2001/23/EC on the safeguarding of employees' rights in the event of transfers of undertakings, and Directive 80/987/EEC on the protection of employees in the event of the insolvency of their employer, as amended by Directive 2002/74/EC. Article 67 1. A number of EU countries have introduced containment measures - such as travel restrictions, quarantine zones and lock-downs - to deal with the corona pandemic. The freedom and pluralism of the media shall be respected. The European Central Bank, together with the national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the euro, which constitute the Eurosystem, shall conduct the monetary policy of the Union.2. Belgium 1. The provisions of this Charter which contain principles may be implemented by legislative and executive acts taken by institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union, and by acts of Member States when they are implementing Union law, in the exercise of their respective powers. Declaration on Article III-167(2)(c) The Commission also called for research proposals by the end of March focusing on developing treatments and diagnostics to tackle the current outbreak and increase preparedness for future. The commitere's Democracy, Rule of Law and Fundamental Rights Monitoring Group is closely monitoring the impact of emergency measures taken by member states. (d) the prohibition of the reproductive cloning of human beings. "We have to say loud and clear that Europe was completely unprepared in the coordination role that it had to play" in the crisis, said ECR member Raffaele Fitto (Italy). MEMBERS OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT Upon request by the State concerned, the Commission shall, by emergency procedure, adopt the European regulations or decisions establishing the protective measures which it considers necessary, specifying the conditions and modalities under which they are to be put into effect. Finland The non-European countries and territories which have special relations with Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom shall be associated with the Union. 3. 1. (a) Fishery products falling within headings 0301 , 0302 , 0303 , 1604 , 1605 and subheadings 0511 91 and 2301 20 of the Common Customs Tariff and originating in Ceuta or in Melilla, shall, within the limit of tariff quotas calculated by product and on the average quantities actually disposed of during 1982, 1983 and 1984, qualify for exemption from customs duties throughout the customs territory of the Union.