The President of the Council shall inform the European Parliament of the adoption, adjustment or abandonment of the central rates of the euro. ) is the same as Article 6(2) and (3) of the ECHR, which reads as follows: 1. (h) 21. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt European regulations or decisions specifying definitions for the application of the prohibitions laid down in Articles III-181 and III-182 and in this Article. Duration European laws may establish specialised courts attached to the General Court to hear and determine at first instance certain classes of action or proceeding brought in specific areas. 1. (b) The General Council shall contribute to: Everyone has the right of access to a free placement service. Article III-334 Non-legislative acts Each member of the Governing Council shall have one vote. Businesses and workers from the tourism sector already benefit from EU measures taken in response to the Covid-19 crisis, including liquidity support, fiscal relief and an easing of state aid rules , as well as the temporary suspension of EU rules on airport slots to avoid empty flights. OJ L 375, 23.12.1989, p. 2. In the latter case, the European Council shall define the terms of reference for a conference of representatives of the governments of the Member States. 1. 2. José Luis RODRÍGUEZ ZAPATERO Done at Rome on the twenty-ninth day of October in the year two thousand and four. (b) PROTOCOL ON THE ROLE OF NATIONAL PARLIAMENTS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION In addition to operations arising from their tasks, the European Central Bank and national central banks may enter into operations for their administrative purposes or for their staff. Respect for cultural and linguistic diversity is now also laid down in Article I-3(3) of the Constitution. SECTION 3 Article III-124 confers power on the Union to adopt legislative acts, including harmonisation of the Member States' laws and regulations, to combat certain forms of discrimination, listed exhaustively in that Article. To this end, it is necessary to strengthen the protection of fundamental rights in the light of changes in society, social progress and scientific and technological developments by making those rights more visible in a Charter. 2. (d) (b) The budget of the Union for the financial year 2004 shall be adapted to take into account the accession of the new Member States through an amending budget taking effect on 1 May 2004.2. The family shall enjoy legal, economic and social protection.2. Ivo VAJGL Where Part III provides for European laws and framework laws to be adopted by the Council in accordance with a special legislative procedure, the European Council may adopt a European decision allowing for the adoption of such European laws or framework laws in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure. Grape must, in fermentation or with fermentation arrested otherwise than by the addition of alcohol OJ 152, 13.7.1967, p. A Member State shall treat any violation of an oath by a witness or expert in the same manner as if the offence had been committed before one of its courts with jurisdiction in civil proceedings. 28. 1 291 287 000 The Commission has allocated a budget of €350 million in continued support for Greece, where most of the refugees and migrants arrive, €50 million of which will be for medical care. A member of the Commission shall resign if the President so requests. Own resources accruing from value added tax shall be calculated and checked as though the Åland Islands were included in the territorial scope of Sixth Council Directive 77/388/EEC of 17 May 1977 on the harmonisation of the laws of the Member States relating to turnover taxes - Common system of value added tax: uniform basis of assessment. In this connection, the Board of Directors of the Bank shall enjoy the powers conferred upon the Commission by Article III-360; Arna dhéanamh sa Róimh, an naoú lá fichead de Dheireadh Fómhair sa bhliain dhá mhíle is a ceathair TITLE IV Stresses that the Union must be prepared to start an in-depth reflection on how to become more effective and democratic and that the current crisis only heightens the urgency thereof; believes that the planned Conference on the Future of Europe is the appropriate forum to do this; is therefore of the opinion that the Conference needs to be convened as soon as possible and that it has to come forward with clear proposals, including by engaging directly with citizens, to bring about a profound reform of the Union, making it more effective, united, democratic, sovereign and resilient; "The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is an exceptional and global challenge for all of us, and puts our health systems and businesses under pressure. The Commission shall, after assuring itself that the tonnage fixed has been reached, formally record the measures taken. Article III-225 Explanation The Acts listed in points VII.B.I, VII.D.1, VII.D.2.c, IX.2.b, c, f, g, h, i, j, l, m, n, x, y, z and aa, and X.a, b and c of Annex XV ( If you choose re-routing at the earliest convenience, take into account there may be considerable delays given the limited number of flights that currently operate due to national measures to contain the virus. Parliament votes on exceptional measures to allow more flexibility in the use of EU cohesion and structural funding to alleviate the effects of the coronavirus, as well as on financial assistance to protect hard-hit fishing communities and aquaculture farmers from the pandemic. 72 (a) The references made to the provisions of the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 in the Annexes referred to in Article 73 of this Protocol shall be construed as being made to this Protocol, in accordance with the following table of equivalence. If the European Council, after consulting the European Parliament and the Commission, adopts by a simple majority a decision in favour of examining the proposed amendments, the President of the European Council shall convene a Convention composed of representatives of the national Parliaments, of the Heads of State or Government of the Member States, of the European Parliament and of the Commission. Started as a student exchange programme in 1987, but since 2014 also offers opportunities for teachers, trainees and volunteers of all ages. The action shall be admissible only if the institution, body, office or agency concerned has first been called upon to act. acquis DESIRING to promote conditions for stronger economic growth in the European Union and, to that end, to develop ever-closer coordination of economic policies within the euro area, Spain notes that, under Article I-10 of the Constitution, every national of a Member State shall be a citizen of the Union. Wallis and Futuna Islands President David Sassoli indicated that Parliament 'must remain open, because a virus cannot bring down democracy'. The Union's aim is to promote peace, its values and the well-being of its peoples.2. 0,1016 % 20 Every citizen of the Union has the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the Member State in which he or she resides under the same conditions as nationals of that State. (a) The Council shall, by a simple majority, adopt a European decision establishing a Social Protection Committee with advisory status to promote cooperation on social protection policies between Member States and with the Commission. measures to improve transport safety; Contributions from the conference shall not bind national Parliaments and shall not prejudge their positions. If the Commission has not delivered an opinion within three months of the date on which the matter was brought before it, the absence of such opinion shall not prevent the matter from being brought before the Court. 18. Article 15 ) The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may, in order to ensure effective implementation of the objectives of this Title, adopt a European decision amending Articles 43 to 46, including the Annex to Protocol 3 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, or applying other provisions of the Constitution and Union acts to the Sovereign Base Areas on such terms and subject to such conditions as it may specify. The Union's own resources Meat and edible meat offal The Commission shall communicate this information to Community undertakings under the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community. The categories of officials and other servants of the Union to whom Article 11, the second paragraph of Article 12, and Article 13 shall apply, in whole or in part, shall be determined by a European law. Compliance with these rules shall be subject to control by an independent authority. In order to contribute to the achievement of the objectives referred to in this Article: Considering that it is necessary to provide for the terms under which the relevant provisions of Union law will apply to the line between the abovementioned areas and both those areas in which the Government of the Republic of Cyprus exercises effective control and the Eastern Sovereign Base Area of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; Celex Test Article 8 Making sure EU funds reach the sector by increasing funding for Creative Europe - 1. Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. Article III-361 The Ministers of the Member States whose currency is the euro shall elect a president for two and a half years, by a majority of those Member States. The activities of the Bank and of its organs carried on in accordance with the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank shall not be subject to any turnover tax. *** signature *** The Court of Auditors is an institution. for the calculation of the shares in the aggregate gross domestic product at market prices Article 29(2) shall apply. 2.