When the task planned in accordance with Article I-41(1) and Article III-309 cannot be charged to the Union budget, the Council shall authorise the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs to use the fund. Article 46 1. Article 39 DETERMINED to ensure that the Union is capable of fully assuming its responsibilities within the international community; 1. MONETARY FUNCTIONS AND OPERATIONS OF THE EUROPEAN SYSTEM OF CENTRAL BANKS Member States shall endeavour to reduce these costs. In the exercise of any functions which it assumes in relation to education and to teaching, the State shall respect the right of parents to ensure such education and teaching in conformity with their own religious and philosophical convictions. &#x2019; (d) Other instruments of monetary control Subsection 2 Residues and waste from the food industries; prepared animal fodder For the negotiation and conclusion of agreements in the fields of trade in services and the commercial aspects of intellectual property, as well as foreign direct investment, the Council shall act unanimously where such agreements include provisions for which unanimity is required for the adoption of internal rules. developing the European dimension in education, particularly through the teaching and dissemination of the languages of the Member States; ) corresponds to Article 10 of the ECHR without prejudice to any restrictions which Union law may impose on Member States' right to introduce the licensing arrangements referred to in the third sentence of Article 10(1) of the ECHR In accordance with Article III-188 of the Constitution, when exercising the powers and carrying out the tasks and duties conferred upon them by the Constitution and this Statute, neither the European Central Bank, nor a national central bank, nor any member of their decision-making bodies shall seek or take instructions from Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, from any government of a Member State or from any other body. In order to achieve the objectives of the European System of Central Banks and to carry out its tasks, the European Central Bank and the national central banks may: Article 9 The exercise of the competences conferred by this Article in the field of the common commercial policy shall not affect the delimitation of competences between the Union and the Member States, and shall not lead to harmonisation of legislative or regulatory provisions of the Member States insofar as the Constitution excludes such harmonisation. In the event of resignation, compulsory retirement or death, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall be replaced, for the remainder of his or her term of office, in accordance with Article I-28(1).5. Celex Test Nothing in Articles III-130 and III-265 of the Constitution, in any other provision of the Constitution or in any measure adopted under it shall affect any such arrangements. In order to avoid disruption to food supplies, the EU has taken urgent measures to support food producers. The Corona Response Investment Initiative : €37 billion from available EU funds will be channelled to people, regions and countries that have been hit the hardest by the pandemic. These audits may be carried out before the closure of accounts for the financial year in question. 1. Constitution 935 070 000 A Judge may be deprived of his office or of his right to a pension or other benefits in its stead only if, in the unanimous opinion of the Judges and Advocates-General of the Court of Justice, he no longer fulfils the requisite conditions or meets the obligations arising from his office. In order to undertake the tasks of the European System of Central Banks, the European Central Bank, assisted by the national central banks, shall collect the necessary statistical information either from the competent national authorities or directly from economic agents. Protocol on the convergence criteria 1. PROTOCOL ON THE LOCATION OF THE SEATS OF THE INSTITUTIONS AND OF CERTAIN BODIES, OFFICES, AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION Declaration on Article III-419 EU coordinated action to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences 1. PROTOCOL ON CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO DENMARK AS REGARDS ECONOMIC AND MONETARY UNION The report shall include information on activities relating to research, technological development and the dissemination of results during the previous year, and the work programme for the current year. (d) the mutual recognition and enforcement between Member States of judgments and decisions in extrajudicial cases; Any domicile acquired solely by reason of the performance of duties in the service of other international organisations shall not be taken into consideration in applying the provisions of this Article. Children shall have the right to such protection and care as is necessary for their well-being. Article 27 5. the validity and interpretation of acts of the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union. (a) support the production of cotton in regions of the Union where it is important for the agricultural economy, if the Council has adopted a European decision in accordance with Article I-59(1) of the Constitution in respect of the Member State of which the applicant is a national or if the European Council has adopted a European decision in accordance with Article I-59(2) of the Constitution in respect of the Member State of which the applicant is a national; BOT DEFINITION AND OBJECTIVES OF THE UNION Should the Court of Justice so request, the Council may, acting unanimously, adopt a European decision to increase the number of Advocates-General. Article 30 SECTION 4 The Council shall authorise the opening of negotiations, adopt negotiating directives, authorise the signing of agreements and conclude them.3. in the case of a merger with a company not included in Annex 1 to Protocol 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, pass on the benefit of the aid granted to the benefiting company; RECALLING that the common security and defence policy of the Union respects the obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty of those Member States, which see their common defence realised in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which remains the foundation of the collective defence of its members, and is compatible with the common security and defence policy established within that framework; SECTION 8 the right to enjoy, in the territory of a third country in which the Member State of which they are nationals is not represented, the protection of the diplomatic and consular authorities of any Member State on the same conditions as the nationals of that State; 84 Member States may issue euro coins subject to approval by the European Central Bank of the volume of the issue. On a proposal from the Commission acting on its own initiative or at the request of a Member State, the Council may adopt a European law or framework law adjusting the arrangements applicable to Ceuta and to Melilla if necessary. OJ L 68, 16.3.2000, p. 25. Prime Minister 1. permit the producers concerned to earn a fair income, 12. the processing, in the territory of the third country concerned, of fishery products caught by vessels flying the flag of a Member State in the waters of that third country in the course of fishing activities carried out by virtue of a fisheries agreement, with a view to those products being put on the Union market under tariff headings falling within Chapter 3 of the Common Customs Tariff, Netherlands Subject to the previous sentence, the first group shall be assigned four voting rights and the second group eleven voting rights; take part, where appropriate, in the development of major joint or European equipment programmes in the framework of the European Defence Agency. Celex Test 22 The European Central Bank shall also be consulted in the case of institutional changes in the monetary area. 1. THE DEMOCRATIC LIFE OF THE UNION The members of the Commission shall refrain from any action incompatible with their duties. the Commission, and within each group, the governors shall have their voting rights for equal amounts of time; (c) 3. - When the Constitution confers on the Union exclusive competence in a specific area, only the Union may legislate and adopt legally binding acts, the Member States being able to do so themselves only if so empowered by the Union or for the implementation of Union acts.2. shall not prevent any Member State from maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures compatible with the Constitution. Workers or their representatives must, at the appropriate levels, be guaranteed information and consultation in good time in the cases and under the conditions provided for by Union law and national laws and practices. 1. As for the abrogation of the exemption, the procedure referred to in Article III-198 of the Constitution shall only be initiated at the request of Denmark. RECOGNISE that in the event of Articles 109h and 109i being applied it will be necessary to take care that any measures required of the Italian Government do not prejudice the completion of its programme for economic expansion and for raising the standard of living of the population. &#x2019; CHAPTER 57 1. Article 7 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. 1 January 1981, for the Treaty concerning the accession of the Hellenic Republic; Annex I and Annexes III to XVII to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, their appendices, and the Annexes to Protocols 2, 3 and 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003( We will certainly not leave Europe's women alone", she concluded. Annex I - List referred to in Article III-226 of the Constitution The admission of a new member shall entail an increase in the subscribed capital corresponding to the capital brought in by the new member.3. Calls for the creation of a European Health Response Mechanism to better prepare and respond in a common and coordinated way to any type of health or sanitary crisis that emerges at EU level in order to protect the health of our citizens; believes that such a mechanism should function both as an information hub as well as an emergency response team that is able to deliver vital supplies, medical equipment and medical staff to regions experiencing a sudden surge in infections; 93,33