Declaration on Article I-9(2) This information shall be set forth in detail in a document transmitted to the Commission. Where the Economic and Social Committee is consulted, the Committee of the Regions shall be informed by the European Parliament, the Council or the Commission of the request for an opinion. The groups shall be made up on a basis of equal rotation among the Member States, taking into account their diversity and geographical balance within the Union.2. ) ) by 1 November 2007. Fatto a Roma, addi' ventinove ottobre duemilaquattro. British Indian Ocean Territory Article III-184(7), third and fourth subparagraphs, of the Constitution, (e) Article III-344 All items of Union revenue and expenditure shall be included in estimates drawn up for each financial year and shall be shown in the Union's budget, in accordance with Part III.2. 3. TITLE VI 35 % If the Member State concerned does not comply with this European decision within the prescribed time, the Commission or any other interested Member State may, in derogation from Articles III-360 and III-361, refer the matter to the Court of Justice of the European Union directly. Boosting European solidarity Paragraph 1 shall not prevent the adoption of other European laws or framework laws pursuant to Article III-236(2). Article 15 appointment of members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (Article III-382(2)); Article 28 ) Wine of fresh grapes; grape must with fermentation arrested by the addition of alcohol For the purposes of paragraph 1, European laws or framework laws shall establish measures concerning: assist a Member State in its territory, at the request of its political authorities, in the event of a terrorist attack; 1. 8. Sporzadzono w Rzymie dnia dwudziestego dziewiatego pa´zdziernika roku dwutysiecznego czwartego The accounts shall be approved by the Governing Council and shall thereafter be published.3. Article 1 Migrants who arrived on the island of Lesbos waiting to board a Greek navy ship in Mytilene ©Costas Baltas/Reuters/Adobe Stock The Conference agrees that the Union's accession to the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms should be arranged in such a way as to preserve the specific features of Union law. One shall also be nominated by the Commission. 10 Common equipment, material and medicine stocks could be quickly mobilised to save lives. Article III-303 The Conference takes note of the Commission's intention to continue to consult experts appointed by the Member States in the preparation of draft delegated European regulations in the financial services area, in accordance with its established practice. Greece Estonia ).3. The Court of Justice shall defray the expenses, without prejudice to the right to charge them, where appropriate, to the parties. Reasons must be given for this decision. 1. The Ombudsman shall submit an annual report to the European Parliament on the outcome of his or her inquiries. (b) Protocol on special arrangements for Greenland Article 11 Since the corona crisis, matters have worsened. 1. Article III-385 They shall take an oath before the Court of Justice to perform their duties impartially and conscientiously and to preserve the secrecy of the deliberations of the Court of Justice. Products originating in Ceuta or in Melilla and products coming from third countries imported into Ceuta or into Melilla under the arrangements which are applicable there to them shall not be deemed, when released for free circulation in the customs territory of the Union, to be goods fulfilling the conditions of paragraphs 1 to 3 of Article III-151 of the Constitution.2. 1. 2401 Article 2 It shall conduct other Central Bank tasks in accordance with Part III and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank.3. No one shall be liable to be tried or punished again in criminal proceedings for an offence for which he or she has already been finally acquitted or convicted within the Union in accordance with the law. ) Article 13 Article 7 3. Celex Test For the purposes of Article III-214 of the Constitution, benefits under occupational social security schemes shall not be considered as remuneration if and insofar as they are attributable to periods of employment prior to 17 May 1990, except in the case of workers or those claiming under them who have before that date initiated legal proceedings or introduced an equivalent claim under the applicable national law. Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee.4. A qualified majority shall require eighteen votes in favour and 68 % of the subscribed capital. (i) The European Parliament When, every three years, the Judges are partially replaced, thirteen and twelve Judges shall be replaced alternately. 5. 4 In pursuing the objectives referred to in Article III-248, the Union shall carry out the following activities, complementing the activities carried out in the Member States: 49. Article 73 Article 7 (a) 2. 5701 Article 21 The Court of Justice shall adjudicate upon costs. ) Spain The approved proposals are: The capital and payments provided for in Articles 38, 39 and 40 shall be paid in by the Kingdom of Spain and the new Member States in cash in euro, save by way of derogation decided unanimously by the Board of Governors. Article I-42 31 The Commission's viability test shall be an important element in ensuring that viability is achieved. 66 Article 13 to stabilise markets; (b) (k) 3. Academic freedom shall be respected. European decisions establishing common positions on issues of particular relevance for economic and monetary union within the competent international financial institutions and conferences (Article III-196(1)); The Commission may at any time decide to mandate an independent consultant to evaluate the monitoring results, undertake any research necessary and report to the Commission and the Council.19. PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT The European System of Central Banks shall act in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition, favouring an efficient allocation of resources, and in compliance with the principles set out in Article III-177. The Commission shall also submit to the European Parliament and to the Council an evaluation report on the Union's finances based on the results achieved, in particular in relation to the indications given by the European Parliament and the Council pursuant to Article III-409. The Union's commitments in regard to equivalent preferences as referred to in paragraph 2 may, if necessary, be broken down State by State taking into account the tonnage indicated in the Annex to this Protocol. Prohibition of abuse of rights