(ii) Poland shall cooperate fully with all the arrangements for monitoring. 3. Article 57 SECTION 2 1. It shall inform the European Parliament of its recommendation. Article 1 To reconcile family and professional life, everyone shall have the right to protection from dismissal for a reason connected with maternity and the right to paid maternity leave and to parental leave following the birth or adoption of a child. The explanations drawn up as a way of providing guidance in the interpretation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights shall be given due regard by the courts of the Union and of the Member States. 1. ) correspond to Article 6(1) of the ECHR, but the limitation to the determination of civil rights and obligations or criminal charges does not apply as regards Union law and its implementation The Board of Directors shall take decisions in respect of granting finance, in particular in the form of loans and guarantees, and raising loans; it shall fix the interest rates on loans granted and the commission and other charges. Slovenia 1. The culture sector is suffering because of lockdown measures introduced across the EU to tackle the spread of coronavirus. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. If the annual report is not approved, the Board of Directors shall resign. 1. Cocoa beans, whole or broken, raw or roasted By way of derogation from the procedure laid down in Articles III-360 and III-361, the Commission or any Member State may bring the matter directly before the Court of Justice if the Commission or Member State considers that another Member State is making improper use of the powers provided for in Articles III-131 and III-436. The use of unofficial sources, such as self-declared doctors to back up claims The measures listed in Annex IV to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall be applied under the conditions laid down in that Annex. Global budget commitments made before 1 May 2004 under the pre-accession financial instruments referred to in paragraph 1, including the conclusion and registration of subsequent individual legal commitments and payments made after 1 May 2004, shall continue to be governed by the rules and regulations of the pre-accession financing instruments and be charged to the corresponding budget chapters until closure of the programmes and projects concerned. 7 387 065 000 He or she shall conduct political dialogue with third parties on the Union's behalf and shall express the Union's position in international organisations and at international conferences.3. safeguard its values, fundamental interests, security, independence and integrity; Is concerned about the potential impacts of the crisis, including confinement, on the well-being of people around the world, notably the most vulnerable groups and people in vulnerable situations, including elderly people, people who are already suffering from poor health, populations in conflict-affected areas and settings prone to natural disasters, and migrants, and those that are exposed to domestic violence, especially women and children; Article 46 Parliament also calls for the creation of a European Health Response Mechanism, to ensure a better response to any type of health or sanitary crisis in the future. In a resolution adopted on 17 April , Parliament stressed that any digital measures against the pandemic must be in full compliance with data protection and privacy legislation. They insist that borders within the EU must be kept open to ensure that medicines and protective equipment, medical devices, food and essential goods can circulate. The Council shall, under the procedure laid down in Article III-187(4), adopt the European regulations establishing the limits and conditions under which the European Central Bank shall be entitled to impose fines or periodic penalty payments on undertakings for failure to comply with obligations under its European regulations and decisions. (a) 2. (a) to hold and manage the official foreign reserves of the Member States; The President of the Council shall inform the European Parliament of the decision adopted. In the context of the establishment and functioning of the internal market, European laws or framework laws shall establish measures for the creation of European intellectual property rights to provide uniform intellectual property rights protection throughout the Union and for the setting up of centralised Union-wide authorisation, coordination and supervision arrangements. Article 73 (f) What is the EU's Emergency Support Instrument? Article 64 The COVID-19 crisis is a nail, perhaps the last one, in the coffin of an impotent bureaucracy", he said. The President of the European Council shall, at his or her level and in that capacity, ensure the external representation of the Union on issues concerning its common foreign and security policy, without prejudice to the powers of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. The European Central Bank shall draw up and publish reports on the activities of the European System of Central Banks at least quarterly.2. Article III-223 Article 72 Such proceedings shall be instituted within two months of the publication of the decision or of its notification to the plaintiff or, in the absence thereof, of the day on which it came to the knowledge of the latter, as the case may be. Fake news also originates from actors close to the US "alt" right, China and Russia 13 21 The Rules of Procedure shall determine which organ is competent to adopt the provisions applicable to staff.8. whenever the aggregate gross domestic product at market prices is adjusted in accordance with Article 29(3), or whenever the number of governors increases, the size and/or composition of the groups shall be adjusted in accordance with the principles laid down in this subparagraph; The Council may, acting unanimously on a proposal from the President of the Commission, decide that such a vacancy need not be filled, in particular when the remainder of the member's term of office is short. Safeguarding the internet Article III-302 They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee and with the agreement of the Member States concerned. When the situation in a third country requires urgent financial assistance from the Union, the Council shall adopt the necessary European decisions on a proposal from the Commission. This paragraph shall not apply to the provisions of Council Directive 69/335/EEC relating to capital duty. Article III-388 The information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall mainly concern: - Where, in the cases provided for in the Constitution, a law or framework law is submitted to the ordinary legislative procedure on the initiative of a group of Member States, on a recommendation by the European Central Bank, or at the request of the Court of Justice, paragraph 2, the second sentence of paragraph 6, and paragraph 9 shall not apply. ( They urge EU countries to jointly develop criteria for lifting the quarantine and other emergency measures, and ask the European Commission to launch an effective exit strategy that includes largescale testing and personal protective equipment for the largest possible number of citizens. *** signature *** GENERAL PROVISIONS 7. (h) - In cases where shifting the burden of proof does not apply, the Portuguese Republic shall continue to require the patent holder to adduce proof of infringement. V POTRDITEV TEGA so spodaj podpisani pooblascenci podpisali to pogodbo The Court of Auditors may also, at any time, submit observations, particularly in the form of special reports, on specific questions and deliver opinions at the request of one of the other institutions. (a) The Commission's term of office shall be five years.4. ) is therefore applicable. Those Member States which together establish multinational forces may also make them available to the common security and defence policy. Subject to paragraph 8, those recommendations shall not be made public. 4. Article III-130 ) In that Annex, reference to &#x2018; this Protocol &#x2019; shall be construed as being to this Title.2. Where, following a decision to suspend voting rights adopted pursuant to paragraph 3, the Council acts by a qualified majority on the basis of a provision of the Constitution, that qualified majority shall be defined as in the second subparagraph, or, where the Council acts on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 65,40 European laws shall determine the rules and procedures for the operation of the Corps.6. Save as otherwise provided, the Executive Board shall act by a simple majority of the votes cast. If the Court finds that there is an infringement it may impose a lump sum or penalty payment on the Member State concerned not exceeding the amount specified by the Commission. The Union shall have competence to carry out supporting, coordinating or complementary action. The Commission shall draw up a report each year on progress in achieving the objectives of Article III-209, including the demographic situation within the Union. Article III-118 (e) They shall have: ). Article 38 the initiation of criminal investigations, as well as proposing the initiation of prosecutions, conducted by competent national authorities, particularly those relating to offences against the financial interests of the Union; The Union shall comprise a customs union which shall cover all trade in goods and which shall involve the prohibition between Member States of customs duties on imports and exports and of all charges having equivalent effect, and the adoption of a common customs tariff in their relations with third countries.2. ANNEX (b) 20.