Fact-checking Day: Fighting the virus of disinformation on Covid-19 Traders also use other tricks, such as falsely claiming that the products are scarce to push consumers into buying. Article 22 Protocol concerning Article III-214 of the Constitution A. The right in Article 4( EXPLANATIONS RELATING TO THE CHARTER OF FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS The provisions of this Charter which contain principles may be implemented by legislative and executive acts taken by institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union, and by acts of Member States when they are implementing Union law, in the exercise of their respective powers. The diplomatic missions of the Member States and the Union delegations in third countries and at international organisations shall cooperate and shall contribute to formulating and implementing the common approach referred to in paragraph 1. Article III-370 Article 74 With regard to measures adopted by the Council pursuant to Article I-41, Article III-295(1) and Articles III-309 to III-313 of the Constitution, Denmark does not participate in the elaboration and the implementation of decisions and actions of the Union which have defence implications. Declaration by the Kingdom of Belgium on national parliaments A European law or framework law of the Council shall establish the necessary measures for the election of the Members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage in accordance with a uniform procedure in all Member States or in accordance with principles common to all Member States. THE PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC, - The Bank may employ any available funds which it does not immediately require to meet its obligations in the following ways: 1. Such further and more detailed provisions as may be necessary shall be laid down in its Rules of Procedure. The Committee of the Regions 13 This Section may be extended to take account of any further development of exclusive Sami rights linked to their traditional means of livelihood. Article 5 This Article shall apply to any body through which a Member State, in law or in fact, either directly or indirectly supervises, determines or appreciably influences imports or exports between Member States. Article 1 Consequently, the limitations which may legitimately be imposed on them may not exceed those permitted by the ECHR, in the wording of Article 5: *** signature *** (e) Covid-19: EU recovery plan should include climate crisis action A European law of the European Parliament shall lay down the regulations and general conditions governing the performance of the duties of its Members. Apart from normal replacement, or death, the duties of a member of the Court of Auditors shall end when he or she resigns, or is compulsorily retired by a ruling of the Court of Justice pursuant to paragraph 6. to ensure that supplies reach consumers at reasonable prices. 1 (iii) Save as otherwise provided in articles III-227 to III-232, the rules laid down for the establishment and functioning of the internal market shall apply to agricultural products.3. In the first quarter of 2020 it is expected to have cut demand for electricity as well. The operation and development of the internal market for agricultural products must be accompanied by a common agricultural policy. Article III-350 Member States which are members of the Security Council will, in the execution of their functions, defend the positions and the interests of the Union, without prejudice to their responsibilities under the United Nations Charter. 27 Articles 3, 4, 6, 7, 9(2), 10(1), (2) and (3), 11(2), 12(1), 14, 16, 18, 19, 20, 22, 23, 26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34 and 50 of the Protocol on the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank (the &#x2018; Statute &#x2019; ) shall not apply to the United Kingdom. 23. It may also issue an opinion on its own initiative. 58 To ensure that EU programmes, including support for regions and Erasmus, will continue in the event that an agreement on the long-term budget covering 2021-2027 is not reached in time, the budget committee will vote Monday on a request for a contingency plan to extend all EU programmes beyond 2020. 1. ) as well as on Article 8 of the ECHR and on the Council of Europe Convention of 28 January 1981 for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data, which has been ratified by all the Member States. Every worker has the right to protection against unjustified dismissal, in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices. 26 649 532 500 Acts shall be adopted if there are at least 232 votes in favour representing a majority of the members where, under the Constitution, they must be adopted on a proposal from the Commission. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. ). This statement should contain some assessment of the proposal's financial impact and, in the case of a European framework law, of its implications for the rules to be put in place by Member States, including, where necessary, the regional legislation. 8 CHAPTER 16 Article II-62 National central banks may perform functions other than those specified in this Statute unless the Governing Council finds, by a majority of two thirds of the votes cast, that these interfere with the objectives and tasks of the European System of Central Banks. 2. the reporting activities of the European Central Bank as referred to in Article 15; Article 5(1), (2) and (3), Articles 17 and 18, Article 19(1), Articles 22, 23, 24 and 26, Article 32(2), (3), (4) and (6), Article 33(1)(a) and Article 36 of the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank may be amended by European laws: 1. common investigative techniques in relation to the detection of serious forms of organised crime. this Treaty shall not apply to the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus; 1. We are encouraging them to promote authoritative sources, demote content that is fact-checked as false or misleading, and take down illegal content or content that could cause physical harm. 60 % for the ratio of government debt to gross domestic product at market prices. They shall therefore respect the rights, observe the principles and promote the application thereof in accordance with their respective powers and respecting the limits of the powers of the Union as conferred on it in the other Parts of the Constitution.2. Article III-433 It may either be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States, or be binding, as to the result to be achieved, upon each Member State to which it is addressed, but shall leave to the national authorities the choice of form and methods. approve the Rules of Procedure of the Bank; The Union and the Member States concerned shall take measures to enhance the provision of rail and combined transport. Noting that Lithuania will pay due attention to the needs of the regions most affected by the closure of the Ignalina nuclear power plant in its use of Union assistance; take decisions in respect of the granting of finance for investment operations to be carried out, in whole or in part, outside the territories of the Member States in accordance with Article 16(1); Article III-282 Promoting research Provisions on the exchange of information with the Kingdom of Spain in the field of nuclear energy The General Affairs Council shall ensure consistency and continuity in the work of the different Council configurations in the framework of multiannual programmes in cooperation with the Commission. 1701 By way of derogation from Article 28(3), central banks of Member States with a derogation shall not pay up their subscribed capital unless the General Council, acting by a majority representing at least two thirds of the subscribed capital of the European Central Bank and at least half of the shareholders, decides that a minimal percentage has to be paid up as a contribution to the operational costs of the European Central Bank. Everyone has the right to own, use, dispose of and bequeath his or her lawfully acquired possessions. Article III-266 The EU contribution to the fund for 2014-2020 is more than€3.8 billion. 1. (d) Minister for Foreign Affairs Member States shall contribute if necessary to the implementation of Union aid programmes.2. ). (b) 1. The Council shall act unanimously on application by a Member State. The Council shall adopt a European decision establishing the list of members drawn up in accordance with the proposals made by each Member State. and the acts building upon it or otherwise related to it in which these Member States participate. It shall be the duty of the Advocate-General, acting with complete impartiality and independence, to make, in open court, reasoned submissions on certain cases brought before the General Court in order to assist that Court in the performance of its task. reliability; Where the General Court finds that it does not have jurisdiction to hear and determine an action in respect of which the Court of Justice has jurisdiction, it shall refer that action to the Court of Justice. The adoption of the amendment will allow the funding to be channelled towards affected areas and sectors. 1. Article III-249 making the necessary investment in order to reach a higher quality of finished product in the short term after the signing of the Treaty of Accession, 3.