WHEREAS the provisions in question require the technical adjustments necessary to bring them into line with the Constitution without altering their legal effect, Celex Test The European decisions referred to in paragraph 1 shall commit the Member States in the positions they adopt and in the conduct of their activity.3. - whereas thus far, the European Council has been unable to reach consensus on the economic measures needed to tackle the crisis; This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. 4 Article III-269 OFFICIALS AND OTHER SERVANTS OF THE UNION evolving Nová Hut from being production-oriented to being marketing-oriented and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of its business management, including greater transparency on costs; The Member States holding the Presidency shall take all necessary measures for the organisation and smooth operation of the Council's work, with the assistance of the General Secretariat of the Council. Declaration on Article III-256 *** signature *** Czech Republic 7. It shall elect the President of the Commission. 93 57 During its meeting on Thursday, the fisheries committee will consider recommendations on the negotiations for a new partnership with the UK. 3. either on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank; Every person may write to the institutions of the Union in one of the languages of the Constitution and must have an answer in the same language. The principle of participatory democracy As Europe grapples with the challenges of the coronavirus crisis, concern is also growing over the living conditions of asylum-seekers in camps on the Greek islands. If the Commission considers that a Member State has failed to fulfil an obligation under the Constitution, it shall deliver a reasoned opinion on the matter after giving the State concerned the opportunity to submit its observations. Declaration on Article I-51 PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION As Europe tries to contain the Covid-19 crisis, preserving democracy, the rule of law and fundamental rights remains crucial, according to MEPs (b) The following provisions shall remain in force until 31 October 2009, without prejudice to Article I-25(4) of the Constitution. Article III-374 1. ) The lump-sum grant payments shall be used within three years from the first payment and any unused or unjustifiably spent funds shall be recovered by the Commission. The essential elements of an area shall be reserved for the European law or framework law and accordingly shall not be the subject of a delegation of power. 44,78 The European Council shall be assisted by the General Secretariat of the Council. Article III-186 The Council may entrust the execution of a task, within the Union framework, to a group of Member States in order to protect the Union's values and serve its interests. The Commission's viability test shall be applied and productivity shall be measured as part of the evaluation. In a resolution adopted on 17 April , MEPs said the EU needs a massive recovery and reconstruction package with the Green Deal, a series of initiatives to make Europe's economy sustainable, at its core to stimulate the economy and fight climate change . ( 15. Acts of the institutions relating to the products in Annex I to the Constitution and the products subject, on importation into the Union, to specific rules as a result of the implementation of the common agricultural policy, as well as the acts on the harmonisation of legislation of Member States concerning turnover taxes, shall not apply to Gibraltar unless the Council adopts a European decision which provides otherwise. Lithuania Sweden 1. 3. For acts of the European Council and of the Council requiring a qualified majority, members' votes shall be weighted as follows: Parliament's culture and education committee has called on the Commission to do everything possible to provide support, clear information and reassurance for participants. Only a lawyer authorised to practise before a court of a Member State or of another State which is a party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area may represent or assist a party before the Court of Justice. Under Chapter IX of the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank, Member States with a derogation and their national central banks are excluded from rights and obligations within the European System of Central Banks. Considering the decision to be taken by the Council to remove controls at internal borders after it has verified that the necessary conditions to that effect have been met; The only groups that may benefit from this system must: The European Central Bank may institute proceedings in the cases and under the conditions laid down in the Constitution.2. . Slovakia (a) (a) The new Member States, which have acceded by the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 to the decisions and agreements adopted by the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Council, shall be required to accede to all other agreements concluded by the present Member States relating to the functioning of the Union or connected with the activities thereof.2. 3 (a) Covid-19: watch out for online scams and unfair practices Human dignity is inviolable. 2 - Description of products A tool to fight severe crises with significan humanitarian impact where no other available instrument is sufficient 15. Without prejudice to the second paragraph, the States, other than the Member States, which are parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, and also the EFTA Surveillance Authority referred to in that Agreement, may intervene in cases before the Court of Justice where one of the fields of application of that Agreement is concerned. Transitional tasks of the European Central Bank The Member State concerned shall not put its proposed measures into effect until this procedure has resulted in a final decision.4. This institutional framework comprises: Subsection 1 The President of the Council and a Member of the Commission may participate, without having the right to vote, in meetings of the General Council.3. on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank or (million euro, 1999 prices) Explanation 1. Article III-165 They shall concern: Spain The new Member States shall contribute, in eight equal instalments falling due on the dates referred to in Article 39, to the reserves and provisions equivalent to reserves, as well as to the amount still to be appropriated to the reserves and provisions, comprising the balance of the profit and loss account, established at the end of the month of April 2004, as entered on the balance sheet of the European Investment Bank, in amounts corresponding to the following percentages of the reserves and provisions: 1. projects for modernising or converting undertakings or for developing fresh activities called for by the establishment or functioning of the internal market, where these projects are of such a size or nature that they cannot be entirely financed by the various means available in the individual Member States; ), the present paragraph does not amend Article III-214(4). Customs duties on imports and exports and charges having equivalent effect shall be prohibited between Member States. Is convinced that corporate human rights and environmental due diligence are necessary conditions in order to prevent and mitigate future crises and ensure sustainable value chains; to define and implement the Union's monetary policy; INTERNAL POLICIES AND ACTION Article 69 the financial rules which determine in particular the procedure to be adopted for establishing and implementing the budget and for presenting and auditing accounts; Article 32 to examine or have examined witnesses against him and to obtain the attendance and examination of witnesses on his behalf under the same conditions as witnesses against him; CHAPTER III The Treaty of Amsterdam of 2 October 1997 amending the Treaty on European Union, the Treaties establishing the European Communities and certain related acts is hereby repealed ( THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 2. In the case of non-contractual liability, the Union shall, in accordance with the general principles common to the laws of the Member States, make good any damage caused by its institutions or by its servants in the performance of their duties. Article 52 6. Decisions given by the General Court on questions referred for a preliminary ruling may exceptionally be subject to review by the Court of Justice, under the conditions and within the limits laid down by the Statute, where there is a serious risk of the unity or consistency of Union law being affected.