It must be respected and protected. 5. (a) Algirdas Mykolas BRAZAUSKAS (c) EUR 12 480 875 2. Article 45 Among the measures are the reallocation of unused agriculture funds to fight the effects of the crisis in rural areas. Article III-172 The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt European regulations for the application of Articles III-167 and III-168 and for determining in particular the conditions in which Article III-168(3) shall apply and the categories of aid exempted from the procedure provided for in Article 168(3). With regard to Article III-184, the Conference confirms that raising growth potential and securing sound budgetary positions are the two pillars of the economic and fiscal policy of the Union and the Member States. Authorisation to proceed with enhanced cooperation shall be granted by a European decision of the Council acting unanimously. It shall prepare and ensure the follow-up to meetings of the European Council, in liaison with the President of the European Council and the Commission. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 18. Article II-95 1 190 868 500 - (j) OJ L 360, 31.12.1994, p. Everyone charged with a criminal offence has the following minimum rights: *** signature *** (a) The new Member States shall be required in respect of those conventions or instruments in the field of justice and home affairs which are inseparable from the attainment of the objectives of the EU Treaty: They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. The information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall mainly concern studies for the development of a power reactor and work on radioisotopes and their application in medicine, including the problems of radiation protection. SECTION 3 If and as long as there are Member States with a derogation Articles 42 to 47 shall be applicable. Subsection 3 This is a clear sign of our solidarity. for the protection of enterprises handicapped by structural or natural conditions; (b) To reconcile family and professional life, everyone shall have the right to protection from dismissal for a reason connected with maternity and the right to paid maternity leave and to parental leave following the birth or adoption of a child. The pandemic has affected everyone and many sectors of the economy are struggling, but the culture sector is one of the worst hit. The EU is not even capable of coordinating the measures taken by the member states. HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and which amend the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community as follows: The European Council and the Council shall act on an initiative from a Member State, on a proposal from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs or on a proposal from that Minister with the Commission's support. &#x2018; Every natural or legal person is entitled to the peaceful enjoyment of his possessions. The European Parliament shall be kept fully informed. Article III-204 (c) MEPs also call on social media companies to proactively take the necessary measures to stop disinformation and hate speech related to the coronavirus. TITLE III (b) the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt recommendations. The Grand Chamber shall consist of thirteen Judges. The GNI base of each new Member State to be taken into account for the calculation of the financing of the correction in respect of budgetary imbalances granted to the United Kingdom, referred to in Article 5(1) of Council Decision 2000/597/EC, Euratom shall likewise be equal to two thirds of the annual base.3. President The Republic of Cyprus shall not be required to carry out checks on persons crossing its land and sea boundaries with the Sovereign Base Areas and any Union restrictions on the crossing of external borders shall not apply in relation to such persons.2. Financial provisions The rights and obligations arising from agreements concluded before 1 January 1958 or, for acceding States, before the date of their accession, between one or more Member States on the one hand, and one or more third countries on the other, shall not be affected by the Constitution. The Council shall adopt European decisions which shall define the approach of the Union to a particular matter of a geographical or thematic nature. The Conference declares that, as soon as the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe is signed, the Secretary-General of the Council, High Representative for the common foreign and security policy, the Commission and the Member States should begin preparatory work on the European External Action Service. This Chapter shall not affect the exercise of the responsibilities incumbent upon Member States with regard to the maintenance of law and order and the safeguarding of internal security. have the right to import free of duty a motor car for their personal use, acquired either in the State of their last residence or in the State of which they are nationals on the terms ruling in the home market in that State, and to re-export it free of duty, subject in either case to the conditions considered to be necessary by the government of the State concerned. At the end of the session, Commission Vice-President Maroš Šefčovič answered questions raised by MEPs. Until the entry into force of the European decision referred to in Article I-24(4) of the Constitution, the Council may meet in the configurations laid down in Article I-24(2) and (3) and in the other configurations on the list established by a European decision of the General Affairs Council, acting by a simple majority. It shall be kept informed of how it evolves. Official correspondence and other official communications of the institutions of the Union shall not be subject to censorship. When taking up their duties, they shall give a solemn undertaking that, both during and after their term of office, they will respect the obligations arising therefrom, in particular the duty to behave with integrity and discretion as regards the acceptance, after they have ceased to hold office, of certain appointments or benefits. 93,34 The number of countries considered safe for journalists continues to decline, with only 24% percent of the 180 countries classified as "good" or "fairly good" in 2019 and 2020 compared to 26% in 2018 and 27% in 2017. The composition of the chambers and the assignment of cases to them shall be governed by the Rules of Procedure. THE PRESIDENT OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC, Union Article III-260 HAVE DESIGNATED AS THEIR PLENIPOTENTIARIES: FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND CITIZENSHIP OF THE UNION The European Central Bank shall contribute to the harmonisation, where necessary, of the rules and practices governing the collection, compilation and distribution of statistics in the areas within its powers.4. THE UNION'S INSTITUTIONS AND BODIES In a spirit of mutual solidarity, the Member State concerned shall refrain from any action likely to conflict with or impede Union action based on that decision and the other Member States shall respect its position. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to act together and to rise to the challenge and ensure that the Union emerges stronger from this crisis; stresses that Parliament will cooperate with the other EU institutions to save lives, protect jobs and businesses, and drive economic and social recovery and that it will stand ready to hold them accountable for their actions; Article 1 A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council, comprising at least fifteen of them and representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the Union. The European Council Any enhanced cooperation shall comply with the Constitution and the law of the Union. Paragraph 1 of this Article has the same meaning and scope as Article 4 of Protocol 4 to the ECHR concerning collective expulsion. 68). 2. (a) In the ninth indent of Article 7(1), the phrase &#x2018; pursuant to the Treaties establishing the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; pursuant to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community &#x2019; ; and the term &#x2018; Communities' &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; Union's &#x2019; . The members of the General Court may be called upon to perform the task of an Advocate-General. The Commission and the Member States participating in enhanced cooperation shall ensure that they promote participation by as many Member States as possible. Protocol on the role of national Parliaments in the European Union (c) The Commission shall forward its draft European legislative acts and its amended drafts to national Parliaments at the same time as to the Union legislator. Everyone has the right to freedom of expression. Declaration on Articles I-43 and III-329 The Assistance shall be decided and implemented in accordance with the provisions laid down in Council Regulation (EEC) No 3906/89 of 18 December 1989 on economic aid to certain countries of Central and Eastern Europe ( 1. Article III-375 ensure that the environment is protected and the countryside preserved. Article III-407 96 A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. GENERAL AND FINAL PROVISIONS The net capacity reduction to be achieved by Poland for finished products during the period 1997-2006 shall be a minimum of 1 231 000 tonnes. Any discrimination based on nationality between workers of the Member States as regards employment, remuneration and other conditions of work and employment shall be prohibited. The Union and the Member States shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organisations in the sphere of public health.