In the case of charges other than turnover taxes, excise duties and other forms of indirect taxation, remissions and repayments in respect of exports to other Member States may not be granted and countervailing charges in respect of imports from Member States may not be imposed unless the provisions contemplated have been previously approved for a limited period by a European decision adopted by the Council on a proposal from the Commission. Declaration on Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Bohunice V1 nuclear power plant in Slovakia Reference is also made to Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions and bodies and on the free movement of such data ( But things are now improving. Formal note shall be taken of any refusal. 1. 12 (g) The Union recognises and respects the right of persons with disabilities to benefit from measures designed to ensure their independence, social and occupational integration and participation in the life of the community. Michel BARNIER DECLARATIONS CONCERNING PROVISIONS OF THE CONSTITUTION The Economic and Social Committee shall have its seat in Brussels.9. 7. SECTION 3 For journeys which involve transit of goods by road through Austria, the regime established for journeys on own account and for journeys for hire or reward under the First Council Directive of 23 July 1962 and Council Regulation (EEC) No 881/92 shall apply subject to the provisions of this Article. That Agreement shall include provisions on the contribution of Iceland and Norway to any financial consequences resulting from the implementation of this Protocol. Article 44 4. Everyone has the right to own, use, dispose of and bequeath his or her lawfully acquired possessions. In view of the notice given to the Council by the United Kingdom government on 16 October 1996 and 30 October 1997, Articles 3 to 8 and 10 shall apply to the United Kingdom. In accordance with Article III-185(4) of the Constitution, the European Central Bank shall be consulted: 18 "The more decisive our action now, the less dramatic the economic and wider impact of this crisis will be tomorrow and the sooner we will be able to return to normal life." If the Commission considers that the provisions in paragraph 1 are no longer justified, particularly in terms of fair competition or own resources, it shall submit appropriate proposals to the Council, which shall adopt the necessary acts in accordance with the pertinent articles of the Constitution. 1. Protocol on economic, social and territorial cohesion 24 No Member State shall be allocated more than ninety-six seats. Celex Test 25. National central banks Fisheries are facing logistical difficulties in ports, increased freight prices for shipping fish products, trade restrictions with non-EU countries, a collapse in prices, loss of markets, concerns over crew safety and limited possibilities for crew rotation due to quarantine. Article 41 The Commission shall keep the Council regularly informed of the situation and of how it evolves. The Council and the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall ensure that these principles are complied with. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee.2. 1. - In addition to the payment to be made in accordance with paragraph 1, the national central bank concerned shall contribute to the reserves of the European Central Bank, to those provisions equivalent to reserves, and to the amount still to be appropriated to the reserves and provisions corresponding to the balance of the profit and loss account as at 31 December of the year prior to the abrogation of the derogation. Italy Save in urgent cases for which due reasons have been given, a ten-day period shall elapse between the placing of a draft European legislative act on the provisional agenda for the Council and the adoption of a position. The net worth of the assets and liabilities of the European Coal and Steel Community, as they appear in the balance sheet of the European Coal and Steel Community of 23 July 2002, subject to any increase or decrease which may occur as a result of the liquidation operations, shall be considered as Union assets intended for research in sectors related to the coal and steel industry, referred to as the &#x2018; European Coal and Steel Community in liquidation &#x2019; . Article 62 THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, (g) In order to contribute to the achievement of the objectives referred to in this Article: Communications shall be made by the Registrar in the order and within the time laid down in the Rules of Procedure. The areas of such action shall, at European level, be: Kyriakides Stella_Commissioner Health © European Union (2020) - EP/PB Diese Unterschrift bindet zugleich die Deutschsprachige Gemeinschaft, die Flämische Gemeinschaft, die Französische Gemeinschaft, die Wallonische Region, die Flämische Region und die Region Brüssel-Hauptstadt. An expert task force will monitor ongoing developments in close cooperation with national health authorities, international organisations and non-governmental organisations. 6. Commission and Council responses to date The annual accounts of the European Central Bank shall be drawn up by the Executive Board, in accordance with the principles established by the Governing Council. Article I-12 23. (b) INFORMATION FOR NATIONAL PARLIAMENTS The European Council, The staff of the Bank shall be under the authority of the President. 1. The Council of Ministers 23,70 *** signature *** Article III-171 2. Without prejudice to any other procedures provided for in the Constitution, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt a European decision laying down measures appropriate to the economic situation, in particular if severe difficulties arise in the supply of certain products.2. The Board of Directors may require payment of the balance of the subscribed capital, to such extent as may be required for the Bank to meet its obligations. SECTION 8 Article 21 the expression &#x2018; the Community &#x2019; means one or both of the Communities referred to in (b) as the case may be; Everyone has the right to education and to have access to vocational and continuing training.2. No Judge or Advocate-General may take part in the disposal of any case in which he has previously taken part as agent or adviser or has acted for one of the parties, or in which he has been called upon to pronounce as a member of a court or tribunal, of a commission of inquiry or in any other capacity. In March 2020 the EU made €5.1 million available to fund projects aiming to identify and prevent violations of press freedom, detect risks to pluralism and support cross-border investigations. Rights recognised by this Charter for which provision is made in other Parts of the Constitution shall be exercised under the conditions and within the limits defined by these relevant Parts.3. Article I-39 1703 Union action shall aim to: Many businesses are experiencing economic difficulties as a result of the Covid-19 crisis and have had to temporarily suspend or substantially reduce their activities and the working hours of their staff. RECALLING that Article I-3 of the Constitution includes the objective of promoting economic, social and territorial cohesion and solidarity between Member States and that the said cohesion figures among the areas of shared competence of the Union listed in Article I-14(2)(c) of the Constitution; On the reasoned initiative of one third of the Member States or the reasoned initiative of the European Parliament or on a proposal from the Commission, the Council may adopt a European decision determining that there is a clear risk of a serious breach by a Member State of the values referred to in Article I-2. The Council shall adopt a European decision confirming the participation of the Member State concerned which fulfils the criteria and makes the commitments referred to in Articles 1 and 2 of the Protocol on permanent structured cooperation. For any decisions to be taken under Articles 28, 29, 30, 32, 33 and 49, the votes in the Governing Council shall be weighted according to the national central banks' shares in the subscribed capital of the European Central Bank. 11. The formulation and implementation of the Union's policies and action and the implementation of the internal market shall take into account those objectives and shall contribute to their achievement. Protection in the event of removal, expulsion or extradition A. whereas Article 2 and Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union (TEU) enshrine solidarity as a core value of the Union; whereas Article 3 of the TEU states that the Union aims to promote its values, namely economic, social and territorial cohesion, and solidarity, among the Member States, as well as the well-being of its people; The Court of Auditors shall draw up an annual report after the close of each financial year. Article 24 It's in the interests of solidarity to make sure that we do everything we can to save human lives. 19 6. A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of these other Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. 17 Thar ceann Uachtarán na hÉireann 2. (a) THE UNION'S FINANCES (c) It has also facilitated the repatriation of tens of thousands of Europeans stranded abroad, through the EU Civil Protection Mechanism .