Union action shall respect the responsibilities of the Member States for the definition of their health policy and for the organisation and delivery of health services and medical care. 4. To ensure employees can keep their jobs when companies run out of work due to the coronavirus crisis, the Commission has proposed help for state-supported short time work ( Sure ). No further State aid shall be granted by Poland for restructuring purposes to the Polish steel industry. OJ L 257, 10.10.1996, p. promote swift, effective operational cooperation within the Union between national civil-protection services; - together with their spouses and dependent members of their families, not be subject to immigration restrictions or to formalities for the registration of aliens; the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt recommendations. 1. Yes and no. Calls on the Commission to take its Treaty-based responsibility to heart and take bold initiatives; The Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament. At the time of each accession, the threshold referred to in the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union will be calculated according to Article 2(3) of that Protocol. (c) (a) Because of Covid19, it has stockpiled medical equipment, such as ventilators and protective masks, to help countries facing shortages Improved economic policy coordination could support this objective. 87 This Treaty, drawn up in a single original in the Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Irish, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish and Swedish languages, the texts in each of these languages being equally authentic, shall be deposited in the archives of the Government of the Italian Republic, which will transmit a certified copy to each of the governments of the other signatory States.2. Protocol on Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland ANNEX II Latvia The Covid-19 pandemic has also affected the 170,000 young people involved in Erasmus+ or the European Solidarity Corps. We all play a part in the decision-making and we all have a stake in the outcome." standards concerning the conditions for the reception of applicants for asylum or subsidiary protection; Deze Slotakte is tevens ondertekend door de volgende kandidaat-lidstaten van de Europese Unie, waarnemers bij de Conferentie: Subject to Article 3, Denmark shall not take part in the adoption by the Council of measures proposed pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution. 3. In exercising these responsibilities within the Commission, and only for these responsibilities, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall be bound by Commission procedures to the extent that this is consistent with paragraphs 2 and 3. Deze handtekening verbindt eveneens de Vlaamse Gemeenschap, de Franse Gemeenschap, de Duitstalige Gemeenschap, het Vlaamse Gewest, het Waalse Gewest en het Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest. In doing so, it shall report in particular on any cases of irregularity. Within the framework of a system of open and competitive markets, action by the Union shall aim at promoting the interconnection and interoperability of national networks as well as access to such networks. the coordination, organisation and implementation of investigative and operational action carried out jointly with the Member States' competent authorities or in the context of joint investigative teams, where appropriate in liaison with Eurojust. Protocol on the Euro Group The resources of the reserve fund shall be so invested as to be available at any time to meet the purpose of the fund. A European law may provide for the appointment of Assistant Rapporteurs and lay down the rules governing their service. social security and social protection of workers; 2. This Article is based on the New York Convention on the Rights of the Child signed on 20 November 1989 and ratified by all the Member States, particularly Articles 3, 9, 12 and 13 thereof. The Commission may take any useful initiative to promote the coordination referred to in paragraph 1.3. The Member States declare their intention of allowing a greater margin of flexibility in allocating financing from the Structural Funds to specific needs not covered under the present Structural Funds regulations.6. They shall define their duration, and the means to be made available by the Union and the Member States. Notwithstanding paragraph 2, a European law or framework law of the Council shall establish measures concerning family law with cross-border implications. 2. HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Article 26 (d) Article 3 measures to ensure unified representation within the international financial institutions and conferences (Article III-196(2)). 2. (a) The Member States shall work together to enhance and develop their mutual political solidarity. Article III-377 2. Right to liberty and security Article 1 För Republiken Finlands President The imposition by a Member State, in respect of transport operations carried out within the Union, of rates and conditions involving any element of support or protection in the interest of one or more particular undertakings or industries shall be prohibited, unless authorised by a European decision of the Commission. the procedures for administering the start-up fund; HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: For the purposes of paragraph 1, European laws or framework laws shall lay down measures for a common European asylum system comprising: ); (b) The European Parliament shall, jointly with the Council, exercise legislative and budgetary functions. - The 140 research teams from across the EU and beyond that are participating in these projects are working on: Estonia 4. Such a European decision shall not come into force until it has been approved by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. approves the position of the Council, the European law establishing the budget shall be adopted; 5. Article 11 Erasmus students during Covid-19 (source: Erasmus Student Network) The Council may address directives to the negotiator and designate a special committee in consultation with which the negotiations must be conducted.5. Article III-206 Before 1 January 2001, the Commission, in cooperation with the European Environment Agency, shall make a scientific study of the degree to which the objective concerning reduction of pollution set out in paragraph 3(a) has been achieved. The General Council shall comprise the President and Vice-President of the European Central Bank and the Governors of the national central banks. Explanation On 2 April, the Conference of Presidents updated the EP's calendar of activities to introduce an extraordinary plenary session on Thursday 16 and Friday 17 April in Brussels, and additional dates for remote meetings for EP governing bodies, committees and political groups. 2. The Treaty establishing the Constitution applies to Gibraltar as a European territory for whose external relations a Member State is responsible. Voor Hare Majesteit de Koningin der Nederlanden The union shall respect the equality of Member States before the constitution as well as their national identities, inherent in their fundamental structures, political and constitutional, inclusive of regional and local self-government. it shall respect their essential State functions, including ensuring the territorial integrity of the State, maintaining law and order and safeguarding national security. With the newly broadened scope of the fund , up to €800 million will be made available for member states this year to fight the coronavirus pandemic. The President of the Council may be invited to appear before the competent committee of the European Parliament if the Council has made its recommendations public.6. The European Parliament, Rights recognised by this Charter for which provision is made in other Parts of the Constitution shall be exercised under the conditions and within the limits defined by these relevant Parts.3. The Council may in particular adopt the European regulations and decisions needed to enable the institutions to secure compliance with the rule laid down in paragraph 1 and to ensure that users benefit from it to the full. (a) 18. Fair and just working conditions The texts of the acts of the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Community or of the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union and the texts of acts of the European Central Bank which were adopted before 1 May 2004 and which were drawn up in the Czech, Estonian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Hungarian, Maltese, Polish, Slovenian and Slovak languages shall be authentic from that date, under the same conditions as the texts drawn up and authentic in the other languages. Calls on the Commission to further develop its capacity for cloud services, while complying with the ePrivacy Directive1 and the General Data Protection Regulation2to It shall in that case recommend to the Member States the adoption of such a decision in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. the portion of agricultural land in the overall surface area; För Konungariket Sveriges regering ECONOMIC AND MONETARY POLICY Subsection 1 (b)