to introduce administrative and other arrangements, such as those adopted by 1 May 2004 by the present Member States or by the Council, to facilitate practical cooperation between the Member States' institutions and organisations working in the field of justice and home affairs. Denmark shall bear no financial consequences of measures referred to in Article 1, other than administrative costs entailed for the institutions. Their term of office shall be renewable. IN FEDE DI CHE, i plenipotenziari sottoscritti hanno apposto la loro firma in calce al presente trattato (b) OBJECTIVES AND TASKS OF THE EUROPEAN SYSTEM OF CENTRAL BANKS SECTION 3 refer the draft back to the Council, which shall terminate the suspension of the procedure referred to in Article III-396, or The Conference notes that with respect to legal acts to be adopted by the Council acting alone or jointly with the European Parliament and containing provisions applicable to Denmark as well as provisions not applicable to Denmark because they have a legal basis to which Part I of the Protocol on the position of Denmark applies, Denmark declares that it will not use its voting right to prevent the adoption of the provisions which are not applicable to Denmark. Article III-182 Protocol on the Treaty and the Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic Article III-115 The Committee of the Regions shall be consulted by the European Parliament, by the Council or by the Commission where the Constitution so provides and in all other cases in which one of these institutions considers it appropriate, in particular those which concern cross-border cooperation. dissemination and optimisation of the results of activities in the Union's research, technological development and demonstration; This Article corresponds to the right guaranteed by Article I-10(2) of the Constitution (see also the legal base in Article III-126 for the adoption of detailed arrangements for the exercise of that right). ) European framework laws shall make it easier for persons to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons. Article 36 TITLE I 1. Article 48( (c) In that event: 1. The Conference agrees that Member States should use periods of economic recovery actively to consolidate public finances and improve their budgetary positions. 8. In particular: Følgende observatører ved konferencen har ligeledes undertegnet denne slutakt i deres egenskab af kandidatstater til Den Europæiske Union: (d) Proposes the creation of an EU COVID-19 Solidarity Fund of at least EUR 50 billion, consisting of up to EUR 20 billion outside the MFF ceilings in grants and up to EUR 30 billion in loans, guaranteed by the EU Budget, (both frontloaded in the first 2 years of the next MFF or, failing an agreement on the MFF in due time, spread over the contingency period), supporting the financial efforts undertaken by the healthcare sectors of all Member States during the current crisis, as well as investments in the A European law of the Council shall establish specific programmes to implement the multiannual framework programme within each activity. Article 41 2. Everyone who is arrested shall be informed promptly, in a language which he understands, of the reasons for his arrest and of any charge against him. 3. (c) (h) Article 45 To tackle the issue of online scams surrounding the coronavirus outbreak, the European Commission and consumer protection authorities in the member states have launched a number of joint measures. SECTION 4 Article 32 Article 1 NOTING that Denmark will not prevent the other Member States from further developing their cooperation with respect to measures not binding on Denmark; Where it is required to act by a simple majority, the Council shall act by a majority of its component members.3. The own resources accruing from value added tax shall be calculated and checked as if the Canary Islands and Ceuta and Melilla were included in the territorial field of application of Sixth Council Directive 77/388/EEC of 17 May 1977 on the harmonisation of the laws of the Member States relating to turnover taxes - Common system of value added tax: uniform basis of assessment. 1. 28. The statistical data to be used for the application of this Protocol shall be provided by the Commission. These areas of crime are the following: terrorism, trafficking in human beings and sexual exploitation of women and children, illicit drug trafficking, illicit arms trafficking, money laundering, corruption, counterfeiting of means of payment, computer crime and organised crime. Article 52 The United Kingdom notes that Article I-20 and other provisions of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe are not intended to change the basis for the franchise for elections to the European Parliament. France The Union recognises and respects the entitlement to social security benefits and social services providing protection in cases such as maternity, illness, industrial accidents, dependency or old age, and in the case of loss of employment, in accordance with the rules laid down by Union law and national laws and practices. - agreements or conventions concluded by the other Member States, acting jointly with the European Communities, with one or more third States or with an international organisation, and the agreements which are related to those agreements or conventions. Everyone is equal before the law. Other actions are possible, depending on the needs of EU countries. Article 8 Without prejudice to other provisions of the Constitution, the Member States shall coordinate their action aimed at protecting the Union's financial interests against fraud. Article I-60(4), second subparagraph, of the Constitution, ID member Marco Campomenosi (Italy) spoke of the frustration of people left to their own devices and wanting to get back to work. The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic.2. In some cases, an Article of the Charter may contain both elements of a right and of a principle, e.g. 1 000 000 tonnes 2 003 725 500 (a) 1. Publication and entry into force It shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. Article III-156 shall be without prejudice to the right of Member States: TEN BLIJKE WAARVAN de ondergetekende gevolmachtigden hun handtekening onder dit verdrag hebben gesteld (b) SECTION 5 To this end, the Commission shall make recommendations to the Member States concerned. Slovakia Declaration on Articles III-160 and III-322 He echoed the Commission president and called for resources to be channelled to local health care and for the free flow of medical equipment and goods to be guaranteed. Protocol concerning imports into the European Union of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles as regards Polskie Huty Stali (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; PHS &#x2019; ), the restructuring aid already granted or to be granted from 1997 until the end of 2003 shall not exceed PLN 3 140 360 000. Article III-231 At the instance of the Court of Justice, the Member State concerned shall prosecute the offender before its competent court. As long as the Council has not acted, the Commission may alter its proposal at any time during the procedures leading to the adoption of a Union act. Non-discrimination Other sugars; sugar syrups; artificial honey (whether or not mixed with natural honey); caramel The reductions in total NOx emissions from heavy goods vehicles shall be administered according to an ecopoints system. PART III Gedaan te Rome, de negenentwintigste oktober tweeduizendvier. by national authorities regarding any draft legislative provision in areas within its powers, but within the limits and under the conditions set out by the Council in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article III-187(4). 3. 1. Article III-196(3), second and third subparagraphs, of the Constitution, PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES OF MISSIONS OF THIRD STATES ACCREDITED TO THE UNION If the appeal is well founded, the Court of Justice shall quash the decision of the General Court. It is judged appropriate to maintain this decision as long as is necessary to ensure smooth transition to the new voting system provided for in the Constitution, 27,15 request the Commission to submit a new proposal; in that case, the act originally proposed shall be deemed not to have been adopted. The Board of Governors may, acting unanimously, decide to admit the staff of bodies incorporated under Union law to joint schemes with the Bank, in compliance with the respective internal procedures. The reasons for concluding that a Union objective can be better achieved at Union level shall be substantiated by qualitative and, wherever possible, quantitative indicators. contribute to identifying the Member States' military capability objectives and evaluating observance of the capability commitments given by the Member States; Som skedde i Rom den tjugonionde oktober tjugohundrafyra.