Article 25 Paragraph 1 may, however, be declared inapplicable in the case of: Additional investments in the hot tube mill as well as the implementation of the staff reduction programme must take place; *** signature *** The Executive Board 3. Article 2 Poland The Constitution and the acts of the institutions shall apply to Ceuta and to Melilla, subject to the derogations referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 and to the other provisions of this Section.2. (a) In carrying out their missions, the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union shall have the support of an open, efficient and independent European administration.2. Article III-158 Tens of thousands of Europeans stranded around the world by the outbreak have been returned home thanks to the EU Civil Protection mechanism . Within the scope of this Chapter, the Political and Security Committee shall exercise, under the responsibility of the Council and of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the political control and strategic direction of the crisis management operations referred to in Article III-309. The first group shall be composed of five governors and the second group of the remaining governors. The internal market shall extend to agriculture and trade in agricultural products.2. PRUDENTIAL SUPERVISION Such abuse may, in particular, consist in: OJ L 1, 3.1.1994, p. 27 education, youth, sport and vocational training; 1512 The most important thing now is to make sure that we actually make this partnership happen. However, the courts of the country concerned shall have jurisdiction over complaints that enforcement is being carried out in an irregular manner. Everyone has the right of access to data which has been collected concerning him or her, and the right to have it rectified. 12 Article II-101 Article III-167 4. The Commission shall inform the European Parliament fully of its position. Declaration on Article III-167(2)(c) 1. Pour le Président de la République française The European Council may, unanimously, adopt a European decision authorising the Council to act by a qualified majority in cases other than those referred to in Part III.8. (c) 1. 31. 47. - 3. Article 56 Without prejudice to Articles III-360 to III-362, the Council may, on a proposal from the Commission, adopt European regulations or decisions laying down the arrangements whereby Member States, in collaboration with the Commission, conduct objective and impartial evaluation of the implementation of the Union policies referred to in this Chapter by Member States' authorities, in particular in order to facilitate full application of the principle of mutual recognition. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. No one shall be held in slavery or servitude.2. Where projects approved under Regulation (EC) No 1258/1999 can no longer be funded under that instrument, they may be integrated into rural development programming and financed under the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund. EXERCISE OF UNION COMPETENCE The European law referred to in paragraph 1 shall determine the general rules applicable to the European Public Prosecutor's Office, the conditions governing the performance of its functions, the rules of procedure applicable to its activities, as well as those governing the admissibility of evidence, and the rules applicable to the judicial review of procedural measures taken by it in the performance of its functions.4. 3. Malta shall ensure that in no instance shall a national of a Member State be treated in a more restrictive way than a national of a third country. The European Council, acting by a qualified majority, with the agreement of the President of the Commission, shall appoint the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. measures setting high standards of quality and safety of organs and substances of human origin, blood and blood derivatives; these measures shall not prevent any Member State from maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures; In particular, the Member States concerned shall endeavour to take such measures so as to ensure that prices for combined transport are competitive with those for other modes of transport. 2. Special provisions in the framework of the Structural Funds in Finland and Sweden 77 If the Commission considers that the Member State concerned has not taken the necessary measures to comply with the judgment referred to in paragraph 1, it may bring the case before the Court of Justice of the European Union after giving that State the opportunity to submit its observations. Areas covered by the objective of promoting the development and structural adjustment of regions with an extremely low population density shall in principle represent or belong to regions at NUTS level II with a population density of 8 persons per km The Commission shall adopt European decisions authorising Finland and Sweden to grant long-term national aids with a view to ensuring that agricultural activity is maintained in specific regions. Article II-72 The Council shall, jointly with the European Parliament, exercise legislative and budgetary functions. Hungary (f) Where, pursuant to the Constitution, the Council acts on a proposal from the Commission, it may amend that proposal only by acting unanimously, except in the cases referred to in Articles I-55, I-56, III-396(10) and (13), III-404 and III-405(2).2. This Title shall apply in the light of the declaration on Cyprus which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 10 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. Bertie AHERN Celex Test Greenland Paragraph 1 shall not apply to publicly owned credit institutions which, in the context of the supply of reserves by central banks, shall be given the same treatment by national central banks and the European Central Bank as private credit institutions. 24 (c) On completion of the liquidation they shall be referred to as the &#x2018; Assets of the Research Fund for Coal and Steel &#x2019; .2. the procedures for setting up and financing the start-up fund, in particular the amounts allocated to the fund; THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES 1 Article II-106 Celex Test Operations with public entities determine the procedures appropriate to take into consideration all or part of the interests of Ceuta and Melilla when it adopts acts, case by case, with a view to the negotiations by the Union aimed at the resumption or conclusion of fisheries agreements with third countries and to the specific interests of Ceuta and Melilla within international conventions concerning fisheries, to which the Union is a contracting party. Article 25 12 Article 22 Moreover, without prejudice to paragraph 4, if, after the adoption of a harmonisation measure by means of a European law or framework law or by means of a European regulation of the Commission, a Member State deems it necessary to introduce national provisions based on new scientific evidence relating to the protection of the environment or the working environment on grounds of a problem specific to that Member State arising after the adoption of the harmonisation measure, it shall notify the Commission of the envisaged provisions and the reasons for them. 30. (a) improvement in particular of the working environment to protect workers' health and safety; Articles 11 to 14 and Article 17 shall apply to members of the Commission. Customs cooperation The Parliament is committed to helping EU countries deal with the coronavirus and address the socio-economic impact of the outbreak. 1. There has been added the rule of the retroactivity of a more lenient penal law, which exists in a number of Member States and which features in Article 15 of the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. 16 OJ L 91, 6.4.1978, p. The Governing Council shall take all other measures necessary for the application of this Article. The Council shall act by a qualified majority. The Court of Auditors shall examine the accounts of all revenue and expenditure of the Union. ex ante The Bank may freely dispose of that part of its capital which is paid up and of any currency borrowed on markets outside the Union.4. MEPs underlined the special nature of the creative sector and the difficulties faced by artists and called on the EU to provide support in a resolution adopted on 17 April. to move freely within the territory of Member States for this purpose; The implementation of the common foreign and security policy shall not affect the application of the procedures and the extent of the powers of the institutions laid down by the Constitution for the exercise of the Union competences referred to in Articles I-13 to I-15 and I-17.