The programme shall be implemented in accordance with Article 53(1)(a) and (b) of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities( THE INSTITUTIONS The restructuring aid granted to the benefiting companies shall be determined by the justifications set out in the approved Polish steel restructuring plan and individual business plans as approved by the Council. on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank, or The ruling of the President or of the Judge replacing him shall be provisional and shall in no way prejudice the decision of the Court of Justice on the substance of the case. CHAPTER 3 Until such time as the reserve fund has been fully built up, it shall be fed by: The Sovereign Base Areas shall be included within the customs territory of the Union and, for this purpose, the customs and common commercial policy acts of the Union listed in Part One of the Annex to Protocol 3 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall apply to the Sovereign Base Areas with the amendments set out in that Annex. Protocol on external relations of the Member States with regard to the crossing of external borders acquis (e) *** signature *** Article 2 1. 24. It may, in particular, acquire or dispose of movable and immovable property and may be a party to legal proceedings.2. Phone apps could play a part in the fight against Covid-19, but raise privacy and data protection issues. Compliance with these rules shall be subject to the control of independent authorities. This paragraph shall also apply to the consolidated accounts of the Bank. The United Kingdom or Ireland may notify the Council in writing, within three months after a proposal has been presented to the Council pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution or after a proposal or initiative has been presented to the Council pursuant to Article III-263 or to Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution, that it wishes to take part in the adoption and application of any such proposed measure, whereupon that State shall be entitled to do so. the transitional arrangements contained in this Title shall not have effect. Council Regulation (EC) No 1260/1999 of 21 June 1999 laying down general provisions on the Structural Funds, to the extent required by Council Regulation (EC) No 1257/1999 of 17 May 1999 on support for rural development from the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund (EAGGF) for the purpose of financing rural development measures in the Sovereign Base Areas under the EAGGF Guarantee Section. (b) HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: SECTION 2 The President, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and the other members of the Commission shall be subject as a body to a vote of consent by the European Parliament. A certified copy of such translations shall be provided by the Member States concerned to be deposited in the archives of the Council. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Article III-197(4), second and third subparagraphs, of the Constitution, Member States shall contribute to the investments required for the progressive development of these countries and territories; atomic physics (effective measuring of cross sections, pipeline techniques); Are you bored by silence? Article III-145 (g) OJ L 29, 1.2.1985, p. This is a fundamental right common to all national constitutions. ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND TERRITORIAL COHESION Declaration on Article I-9(2) 47. Find out more The provisions of Portuguese national law relating to the burden of proof, which were adopted under paragraph 2 of Protocol No 19 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, shall not apply if the infringement proceedings are brought against the holder of another process patent for the manufacture of a product identical to that obtained as the result of the patented process of the plaintiff, if that other patent was issued before 1 January 1986. In that respect, Spain notes, finally, that under Articles I-20 and I-46 of the Treaty, the European Parliament currently represents the citizens of the Union. ), it applies under the conditions defined in these Articles. - But in any case, the aid paid out in the period 1997-2003 is limited to a maximum amount of CZK 14 147 425 201. They recognise it to be in their common interest that the objectives of this policy be attained. PHS has already received PLN 62 360 000 of restructuring aid in the period 1997-2001; it shall receive further restructuring aid of no more than PLN 3 078 000 000 in 2002 and 2003 depending on the requirements set out in the approved restructuring plan (to be entirely paid out in 2002 if the extension of the grace period under Protocol 2 of the Europe Agreement establishing an association between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part, and Poland, of the other part, is granted by the end of 2002, or otherwise in 2003); Member States shall adjust any State monopolies of a commercial character so as to ensure that no discrimination regarding the conditions under which goods are procured and marketed exists between nationals of Member States. Any person whose application to intervene has been dismissed by the General Court may appeal to the Court of Justice within two weeks from the notification of the decision dismissing the application. The special arrangements for association set out in Title IV of Part III shall apply to the overseas countries and territories listed in Annex II. As regards the Member States, it follows unambiguously from the case-law of the Court of Justice that the requirement to respect fundamental rights defined in a Union context is only binding on the Member States when they act in the scope of Union law (judgment of 13 July 1989, Case 5/88 Wachauf [1989] ECR 2609; judgment of 18 June 1991, ERT [1991] ECR I-2925); judgment of 18 December 1997 (C-309/96 Annibaldi [1997] ECR I-7493). Explanation does not approve all the amendments, the President of the Council, in agreement with the President of the European Parliament, shall within six weeks convene a meeting of the Conciliation Committee. The Council shall act by a qualified majority after consulting the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. Celex Test Ezt az záróokmányt a Európai Unió tagjelölt államaiként, amelyek a Konferencián megfigyel"oként vettek részt, a következ"ok is aláírták: Article III-292 The measures relating to the import arrangements for the products referred to in paragraph 1 shall be adopted in accordance with the procedures laid down in Article III-231 of the Constitution. Such Member States and institutions shall be in the same position as Member States or institutions which intervened at first instance. - (h) Lithuania 1. In the performance of those duties he or she shall neither seek nor take instructions from any institution, body, office or agency. (d) The Ombudsman shall be eligible for reappointment. French Polynesia 5 Portugal The Council, on a proposal by the negotiator, shall adopt a European decision concluding the agreement. Every citizen of the Union has the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at elections to the European Parliament in the Member State in which he or she resides, under the same conditions as nationals of that State.2. It shall exercise the functions of prosecutor in the competent courts of the Member States in relation to such offences.3. 70 Netherlands Article 87 The EU has approved emergency measures to help farmers and fishermen affected by the coronavirus pandemic. 2. Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. The approved measures are: Finally, yet importantly, Vice-President Barley emphasised: "Much of this effort goes under-reported or worse, disinformation campaigns are gaining traction and feeding the public a diet of fake news that is detracting from the true efforts to support each other in these very difficult and uncertain times." Before proposing European legislative acts, the Commission shall consult widely. Article 26 President The multiannual financial framework and the annual budget shall be drawn up in euro. Celex Test He or she shall contribute by his or her proposals to the development of that policy, which he or she shall carry out as mandated by the Council. Intellectual property shall be protected. Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the criminal offence was committed. Save in urgent cases for which due reasons have been given, no agreement may be reached on a draft European legislative act during those six weeks. Joseph FISCHER (a) (b) Guts, bladders and stomachs of animals (other than fish), whole and pieces thereof This Treaty shall apply to the Åland Islands with the derogations which originally appeared in the Treaty referred to in Article IV-437(2)(d) and which have been incorporated in Section 5 of Title V of the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. In accordance with Article 52(2) of the Charter( (b) Union policy in the field of development cooperation shall be conducted within the framework of the principles and objectives of the Union's external action. Article 38 OJ L 160, 26.6.1999, p. the free and informed consent of the person concerned, according to the procedures laid down by law;