Actions under these programmes will have to be contracted within the following two years and disbursements made as provided for in the Financing Memorandum( 91,55 Article IV-442 If a participating Member State no longer fulfils the criteria or is no longer able to meet the commitments referred to in Articles 1 and 2 of the Protocol on permanent structured cooperation, the Council may adopt a European decision suspending the participation of the Member State concerned. However, on the day of the appointment of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the term of office of the member having the same nationality as the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall end. The Council shall, in the course of these discussions, do all in its power to reach, within a reasonable time and without prejudicing obligatory time limits laid down by Union law, a satisfactory solution to address concerns raised by the members of the Council referred to in Article 1. Latvia Buying medical equipment together (c) description: Supporting research and innovation for effective treatments and vaccines In order to ensure the effectiveness of the excessive deficit procedure, the governments of the Member States shall be responsible under this procedure for the deficits of general government as defined in Article 2(a). If, for some special reason, any Judge or Advocate-General considers that he should not take part in the judgment or examination of a particular case, he shall so inform the President. The President of the European Parliament may be invited to be heard by the European Council.3. The Commission may amend the draft budget during the procedure until such time as the Conciliation Committee, referred to in paragraph 5, is convened. Compliance with these rules shall be subject to control by an independent authority. CHAPTER 1 Right to vote and to stand as a candidate at elections to the European Parliament Article III-201 In order to carry out the tasks entrusted to the European System of Central Banks, the European Central Bank shall, in accordance with the Constitution and under the conditions laid down in the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank, adopt: (e) 3. It shall inform the European Parliament thereof.2. They shall be notified to the Commission. The Union recognises and promotes the role of the social partners at its level, taking into account the diversity of national systems. to strengthen the coordination and surveillance of their budgetary discipline; Margaritis Schinas, Commission Vice-President for Promoting the European way of life, said it was imortant to stick to our values and respect fundamental human rights and EU law. The EU is stepping up to protect jobs , but the specificity of the cultural sector makes it harder for its workers to qualify for support. Malta We believe that in this situation Member States need to be ready to provide also fresh financial means to tackle this crisis and help mitigate the negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The business plan for the other benefiting companies shall be implemented. Where the defending party, after having been duly summoned, fails to file written submissions in defence, judgment shall be given against that party by default. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, for the area of common foreign and security policy, and the Commission, for other areas of external action, may submit joint proposals to the Council. The voting arrangements shall be specified in the Rules of Procedure referred to in Article 12(3).6. acquis Listen to the full debate here ). Article 18 10. Right to education Article III-398 European laws or framework laws may lay down rules to prohibit discrimination on grounds of nationality as referred to in Article I-4(2). Every national of a Member State shall be a citizen of the Union. R. THE UNION'S ADVISORY BODIES and modernisation measures of the Lithuanian Thermal Power Plant in Elektrenai as the key replacement for the production capacity of the two Ignalina nuclear power plant reactors; and 1. The payment obligation shall take effect on the date set by the Court in its judgment. 3. - 1. The motto of the Union shall be: &#x2018; United in diversity &#x2019; . extractive metallurgy of uranium. Protocol on the excessive deficit procedure REGI Committee to start working on proposed measures to provide support for regions and communities which are hit the hardest 2 Declaration on Cyprus ( 5 ( The Union shall also be exempt from any customs duties and any prohibitions and restrictions on import and exports in respect of its publications. Expresses its solidarity with those Member States that have been hit the hardest by the virus and with all other countries that are facing the effects of the pandemic; expresses its most sincere solidarity with those who have lost their jobs and whose professional lives have been disrupted by the pandemic; stresses the need to pull together as a community and ensuring no country is left to fight this virus and the aftermath on its own; acquis The European Parliament, on a recommendation from the Council, shall give a discharge to the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget. Por Su Majestad el Rey de España RECALLING that all assets and liabilities of the European Coal and Steel Community, as they existed on 23 July 2002, were transferred to the European Community on 24 July 2002; The Member States shall take any appropriate measure, general or particular, to ensure fulfilment of the obligations arising out of the Constitution or resulting from the acts of the institutions of the Union. The development of trade must not be affected to such an extent as would be contrary to the Union's interests.3. (h) Providing care to people is our top priority. The Member States and the Union shall act in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition, favouring an efficient allocation of resources, and in compliance with the principles set out in Article III-177. 7 34. The Community may conclude with one or more States or international organisations agreements establishing an association involving reciprocal rights and obligations, common action and special procedures. on any proposed Union act in areas within its powers; CONSIDERING that many of the provisions of the Act annexed to that Treaty of Accession remain relevant; that Article IV-437(2) of the Constitution provides that those provisions must be set out or referred to in a Protocol, so that they remain in force and their legal effects are preserved; We monitor the situation in close cooperation with Member States, authorities, EU institutions, bodies and agencies and with international organisations such as the World Health Organisation. 1. Measures include the possibility to finance the provision of protective equipment for workers and volunteers, the temporary 100% co-financing from the EU budget and lighter reporting and audit measures during the COVID-19-crisis. CHAPTER III Fisheries agreements concluded before 1 May 2004 by the new Member States with third countries shall be managed by the Union. Article III-136 Decisions given by the General Court under this paragraph may exceptionally be subject to review by the Court of Justice, under the conditions and within the limits laid down by the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union, where there is a serious risk of the unity or consistency of Union law being affected. Upon expiry of the time-limit, the absence of an opinion shall not prevent further action. (a) The European Parliament shall be kept fully informed. Article 8 No one shall be liable to be tried or punished again in criminal proceedings for an offence for which he or she has already been finally acquitted or convicted within the Union in accordance with the law. The Court of Auditors shall have its seat in Luxembourg.7. A European law of the Council shall establish the adjustments necessary to the system introduced pursuant to this Section. To support factual and reliable information, a joint EU page has been set up about Europe's response to the virus. This threshold shall be a quarter in the case of a draft European legislative act submitted on the basis of Article III-264 of the Constitution on the area of freedom, security and justice. SECTION 7 Protocol on the location of the seats of the institutions and of certain bodies, offices, agencies and departments of the European Union No one may be removed, expelled or extradited to a State where there is a serious risk that he or she would be subjected to the death penalty, torture or other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Member States shall adopt all measures of national law necessary to implement legally binding Union acts.2. Article 22 The Section relating to rules on competition shall apply to production of and trade in agricultural products only to the extent determined by European laws or framework laws in accordance with Article III-231(2), having regard to the objectives set out in Article III-227. 32. Suspension of certain rights resulting from Union membership Scope and interpretation of rights and principles