(c) Vote results for the package: the absence of any controls on persons, whatever their nationality, when crossing internal borders. Following the irrevocable fixing of exchange rates in accordance with Article III-198(3) of the Constitution, the Governing Council shall take the necessary measures to ensure that banknotes denominated in the currencies of Member States with irrevocably fixed exchange rates are exchanged by the national central banks at their respective par values. - social security; (iii) 5. The Council will substitute itself for the Executive Committee established by the Schengen agreements. The frequency of voting rights of the governors allocated to the first group shall not be lower than the frequency of voting rights of those of the second group. developments in conditions of competition within the Union insofar as they lead to an improvement in the competitive capacity of undertakings; This Article is based on Directive 94/33/EC on the protection of young people at work, Article 7 of the European Social Charter and points 20 to 23 of the Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers. The United Kingdom shall retain its powers in the field of monetary policy according to national law. Except where agreements relate exclusively to the common foreign and security policy, the Council shall adopt the European decision concluding the agreement: share markets or sources of supply; - Subject to the principle of proportionality, limitations may be made only if they are necessary and genuinely meet objectives of general interest recognised by the Union or the need to protect the rights and freedoms of others.2. artistic and literary creation, including in the audiovisual sector. in defence of any person from unlawful violence; Pedro Miguel DE SANTANA LOPES (a) 3. Malta 2,69 The adopted measures will enter into force once published in the Official Journal of the European Union in the coming days. Similarly, its dissolution or liquidation shall not give rise to any imposition. Union action shall be aimed at: Von der Leyen highlighted the crucial role of the EU long-term budget, describing it as "the mothership of our recovery" and spoke of the need for a new Marshall Plan, in reference to the programme that helped rebuild European countries' economies after the Second World War. ( If the Council approves the European Parliament's position, the act concerned shall be adopted in the wording which corresponds to the position of the European Parliament.5. Where it adopts a European decision establishing that there has been no effective action in response to its recommendations within the period laid down, the Council may make its recommendations public. Article 49 3. For the period 2004-2006 the Ignalina Programme shall amount to 285 million euro in commitment appropriations, to be committed in equal annual tranches.6. They may undertake joint action. Insists that the EU institutions and the Member States ensure that public financial support provided to firms in order to combat the economic effects of COVID-19 is conditional upon the funding being used to benefit employees and the recipient firms refraining from bonuses to the management, tax evasion, paying out dividends or offering share buy-back schemes for as long as they receive such support; Article III-240 Article III-258 Within the limits and under the conditions adopted by the Council under the procedure laid down in Article 41, the European Central Bank shall be entitled to impose fines or periodic penalty payments on undertakings for failure to comply with obligations under its European regulations and decisions. (a) The adaptations to the acts listed in Annex III to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 made necessary by accession shall be drawn up in conformity with the guidelines set out in that Annex and in accordance with the procedure and under the conditions laid down in Article 36. These reports shall also be forwarded to the Court of Auditors. 2. Maghmul f'Ruma fid-disa' u ghoxrin jum ta' Ottubru tas-sena elfejn u erbgha 1. FINAL ACT 1. Articles I-19 to I-29, Articles I-31 to I-39, Articles I-49 and I-50, Articles I-53 to I-56, Articles I-58 to I-60, Articles III-330 to III-372, Articles III-374 and III-375, Articles III-378 to III-381, Articles III-384 and III-385, Articles III-389 to III-392, Articles III-395 to III-410, Articles III-412 to III-415 and Articles III-427, III-433, IV-439 and IV-443 of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe shall apply to this Treaty.2. Enforcement may be suspended only by a decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union. protection of workers where their employment contract is terminated; Welcoming the creation of Sure and calling on EU countries to implement it quickly, Slovak ECR member Lucia Ďuriš Nicholsonová , chair of Parliament's employment committee, said: "It is an important expression of EU solidarity and a helpful instrument to mitigate the socio-economic effects of the Covid-19 crisis. *** signature *** Article II-68 If they fail to do so, the proposed act shall be deemed not to have been adopted. Article III-198 In other cases they shall be signed by the President of the institution which adopted them. Kristiina OJULAND In order to get medical equipment from non-EU countries more easily, customs duties and VAT on imports are temporarily waived. to determine the relationship between Member States' laws and this Subsection as well as the European regulations adopted pursuant to this Article. DIGNITY carrying out checks on persons and efficient monitoring of the crossing of external borders; Matti VANHANEN COMMON PROVISIONS (c) The common security and defence policy shall be an integral part of the common foreign and security policy. The Judges shall elect the President of the General Court from among their number for a term of three years. Eurojust's mission shall be to support and strengthen coordination and cooperation between national investigating and prosecuting authorities in relation to serious crime affecting two or more Member States or requiring a prosecution on common bases, on the basis of operations conducted and information supplied by the Member States' authorities and by Europol. Article 72 integrated into the framework of the European Union 4. 4. HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: 18 Additional resources are foreseen for the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control , which provides rapid risk assessments and epidemiological updates on the outbreak. The European Central Bank is providing €750 billion to relieve government debt during the crisis, as well as €120 billion in quantitative easing and €20 billion in debt purchases. 0504 2. Such European laws or framework laws shall not include harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. In such a case, the authorisation to proceed with enhanced cooperation referred to in Articles I-44(2) and III-419(1) shall be deemed to be granted and the provisions on enhanced cooperation shall apply. Implementing acts Each institution, body, office or agency shall determine in its own rules of procedure specific provisions regarding access to its documents, in accordance with the European laws referred to in paragraph 3. (b) The Presidency of the Council, with the exception of the Foreign Affairs configuration, shall be held by pre-established groups of three Member States for a period of 18 months. Article III-263 The approved measures aim to protect the most vulnerable people from falling victim to COVID-19 and to ensure that food aid and basic material assistance still reaches them, while respecting social distancing and personal protection. (c) Minutes shall be made of each hearing and signed by the President and the Registrar. Without prejudice to the powers of the European Central Bank, European laws or framework laws shall lay down the measures necessary for use of the euro as the single currency. Article 30 CHAPTER VII In a resolution adopted on 17 April, MEPs reiterated their call for a permanent European Unemployment Reinsurance Scheme to ensure that workers in Europe are protected from income loss. Main problems faced by food producers 1 (g) The Conference acknowledges that the regime applicable to the Åland islands, referred to in Article IV-440(5), is established taking into account the special status that these islands enjoy under international law. Subsection 5 Federal Chancellor agriculture and fisheries, excluding the conservation of marine biological resources; 2. In all its activities, the Union shall observe the principle of the equality of its citizens, who shall receive equal attention from its institutions, bodies, offices and agencies.