The regions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be determined by the Commission, taking into consideration in particular: Fishermen for the temporary cessation of fishing activities THE FUNCTIONING OF THE UNION The terms and conditions of employment of the members of the Executive Board, in particular their salaries, pensions and other social security benefits shall be the subject of contracts with the European Central Bank and shall be fixed by the Governing Council on a proposal from a Committee comprising three members appointed by the Governing Council and three members appointed by the Council. 1. Article III-233 Where the Court of Justice and the General Court are seised of cases in which the same relief is sought, the same issue of interpretation is raised or the validity of the same act is called in question, the General Court may, after hearing the parties, stay the proceedings before it until such time as the Court of Justice has delivered judgment, or, where the action is one brought pursuant to Article III-365 of the Constitution or pursuant to Article 146 of the EAEC Treaty, may decline jurisdiction so as to allow the Court of Justice to rule on such actions. HAVE AGREED on the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: The European Investment Bank shall have its seat in Luxembourg.10. Such a request must be made within one month from the date of such determination. studies on the application of radioisotopes in the following fields: medicine, agriculture, entomology and environmental protection, ); shall be compatible with the internal market as defined in the Constitution. Article 2 instrumentation systems and special electronic equipment; COMMON PROVISIONS 3. GENERAL PROVISIONS &#x2018; Companies or firms &#x2019; means companies or firms constituted under civil or commercial law, including cooperative societies, and other legal persons governed by public or private law, save for those which are non-profit-making. 12 In particular: adopts amendments by a majority of its component members, the amended draft shall be forwarded to the Council and to the Commission. Article I-15 Article 47 The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction to give judgment pursuant to any arbitration clause contained in a contract concluded by or on behalf of the European Central Bank, whether that contract be governed by public or private law.5. Solidarity clause - The members of the specialised courts shall be chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who possess the ability required for appointment to judicial office. Article 17 Slovenia (b) Ghall-President ta' Malta 13 The unanimity of the members of the Council, with the exception of a member which has not made such a notification, shall be necessary for acts of the Council which must be adopted unanimously. Share this page: integrated into the framework of the Union by the Protocol annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Schengen Protocol &#x2019; ) and the acts building upon it or otherwise related to it, listed in Annex I to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, as well as any further such acts adopted before 1 May 2004, shall be binding on and applicable in the new Member States from 1 May 2004. The members of the Court of Auditors shall be appointed for a term of six years. Equality between women and men must be ensured in all areas, including employment, work and pay. Belgium The European Parliament shall be immediately and fully informed at all stages of the procedure.11. Covid-19: solidarity among EU neighbours (b) A European law of the Council may extend this period. The Board of Governors shall ensure that these directives are implemented. SECTION 6 63,20 "In the first instance, it is vital that all national authorities communicate clearly to the public about the measures needed to contain the spread of the virus, especially when considering lifting the lockdown. Article 47 on any proposed Union act in areas within its powers; - Enhanced support to EU fishermen, aquaculture farmers and agri-food producers It shall act after consulting the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee. We need this capacity check. Provisions on the applicability of certain acts Slovenia Takes note of the emergence of contact-tracing applications on mobile devices in order to warn people if they were close to an infected person, and the Commission's recommendation to develop a common EU approach for the use of such applications; points out that any use of applications developed by national and EU authorities may not be obligatory and that the generated data are not to be stored in centralised databases, which are prone to potential risk of abuse and loss of trust and may endanger uptake throughout the Union; demands that all storage of data be decentralised, full transparency be given on (non-EU) commercial interests of developers of these applications, and that clear projections be demonstrated as regards how the use of contact tracing apps by a part of the population, in combination with specific other measures, will lead to a significantly lower number of infected people; demands that the Commission and Member States are fully transparent on the functioning of contacttracing apps, so that people can verify both the underlying protocol for security and privacy, and check the code itself to see whether the application functions as the authorities are claiming; recommends that sunset clauses are set and the principles of data protection by design and data minimisation are fully observed; (a) TÄMÄN VAKUUDEKSI alla mainitut täysivaltaiset edustajat ovat allekirjoittaneet tämän sopimuksen In Articles 10(3) and 30(2), &#x2018; subscribed capital &#x2019; shall mean capital of the European Central Bank subscribed by the national central banks of Member States whose currency is the euro. The share of the costs covered by the EU budget varies: if a project concerns a less developed region, the EU contribution reaches 85% of the total amount. Every person has the right to have his or her affairs handled impartially, fairly and within a reasonable time by the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union. It may, on the basis of a decision taken by a qualified majority, delegate some of its functions to the Management Committee. Minister for Foreign Affairs The Conference recommends that those Member States wishing to avail themselves of the possibility recognised in Article IV-448(2) communicate to the Council, within six months from the date of the signature of that Treaty, the language or languages into which translations of that Treaty will be made. Article 5 Minister for Foreign Affairs Article I-41 The European Council may adopt a European decision amending all or part of the provisions of Title III of Part III. - Within the areas falling within its responsibilities, the European Central Bank shall be consulted on all proposed Union acts, and all proposals for regulation at national level, and may give an opinion.6. PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE COUNCIL, HIGH REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY POLICY, AND THE DEPUTY SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE COUNCIL Celex Test Intellectual property shall be protected. 19. This Article has been based on Article 6 of the Treaty on European Union and on Article 151(1) and (4) of the EC Treaty, now replaced by Article III-280(1) and (4) of the Constitution, concerning culture. In accordance with Article I-10(2)(d), any citizen of the Union, and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State, shall have the right to address, individually or in association with other persons, a petition to the European Parliament on a matter which comes within the Union's fields of activity and which affects him, her or it directly. Measures based on this Article shall not entail harmonisation of Member States' laws or regulations in cases where the Constitution excludes such harmonisation. 33. TAKING INTO ACCOUNT that the Danish Constitution contains provisions which may imply a referendum in Denmark prior to Denmark renouncing its exemption; In all cases, such European laws or framework laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. 1. In addition, the agriculture sector has lost major clients with the closure of hotels and restaurants. (c) During a discussion with the culture Committee on 4 May, Commissioners Gabriel and Breton told MEPs that an EU support plan for the cultural and creative sectors was being prepared, within the scope of the larger EU recovery plan. The Commission shall submit each year to the European Council, the European Parliament, the Council and national Parliaments a report on the application of Article I-11 of the Constitution. COVID-19: final vote in EP plenary to approve crucial EU support measures - © EP European decisions other than those referred to in paragraph 2 shall be notified to those to whom they are addressed and shall take effect upon such notification. At its 26 March extraordinary session, the European Parliament approved three initial measures in response to the crisis, which would, inter alia, benefit businesses and workers in tourism. Regulation (EC) No 555/2000 ( 65 decide whether to increase the subscribed capital in accordance with Article 4(3) and Article 5(2); If you wish to ask a question: AGREE, in order to facilitate the accomplishment of this task by the Italian Government, to recommend to the institutions of the Community that they should employ all the methods and procedures provided in this Treaty and, in particular, make appropriate use of the resources of the European Investment Bank and the European Social Fund; Don't wish or not allowed to travel? the expression &#x2018; Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 &#x2019; means the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic and the adjustments to the Treaties on which the European Union is founded; 21 ), as it stands at the time of entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe remains in force. (b) Each institution of the Union shall be required to waive the immunity accorded to an official or other servant wherever that institution considers that the waiver of such immunity is not contrary to the interests of the Union. (c)