Article III-358 Explanation The Union shall offer its citizens an area of freedom, security and justice without internal frontiers, and an internal market where competition is free and undistorted. A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 3. The European Central Bank shall give advice in the preparations for the abrogation of the derogations referred to in Article III-198 of the Constitution. The right to vote and to stand as a candidate in elections to the European Parliament shall be exercised without prejudice to Article III-330(1) and the measures adopted for its implementation. 2 11 Save as otherwise provided, the provisions of this Treaty shall apply to the European territories of the Member States and to the non-European territories under their jurisdiction. Measures shall be proportional and priority shall be given to measures which least disturb the functioning of the internal market and, where appropriate, to the application of the existing sectoral safeguard mechanisms. On Monday the civil liberties committee discusses the situation in Libya and how it affects efforts by migrants and asylum seekers to use the country to enter the EU irregularly. For subsequent accessions, the threshold referred to in paragraph 2 shall be calculated to ensure that the qualified majority threshold expressed in votes does not exceed that resulting from the table in the Declaration on the enlargement of the European Union in the Final Act of the Conference which adopted the Treaty of Nice. assist populations, countries and regions confronting natural or man-made disasters; PROTOCOL ON THE APPLICATION OF THE PRINCIPLES OF SUBSIDIARITY AND PROPORTIONALITY Such functions shall be performed on the responsibility and liability of national central banks and shall not be regarded as being part of the functions of the European System of Central Banks. 6. OJ L 253, 7.10.2000, p. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. in order to effect a lawful arrest or to prevent the escape of a person lawfully detained; In the Member States the audit shall be carried out in liaison with national audit bodies or, if these do not have the necessary powers, with the competent national departments. 1. Hungary From 1 January 1981, the Hellenic Republic shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community information obtained in the nuclear field in Greece which is given limited distribution, insofar as strictly commercial applications are not involved. Article 70 As it is worded, the latter principle merely implies that as regards compulsory education, each child has the possibility of attending an establishment which offers free education. They shall contain the names of the Judges who took part in the deliberations. in those areas of the Republic of Cyprus in which the Government of the Republic of Cyprus does not exercise effective control; SECTION 6 12 Those Member States, in association with the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, shall agree among themselves on the management of the task.2. Acts of the Council, of the Commission or of the European Central Bank which impose a pecuniary obligation on persons other than Member States shall be enforceable. They shall cover: 4. This right includes: Article 54 advance its objectives, Article III-175 The framework programme shall: ), it therefore has the same meaning and the same scope as the ECHR Article. Gerhard SCHRÖDER From 1 January 1973, such information as has been communicated to Member States, persons and undertakings, in accordance with Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, shall be placed at the disposal of Ireland, which shall give it limited distribution within its territory under the conditions laid down in that Article.2. 1. A member called upon to perform the task of Advocate-General in a case may not take part in the judgment of the case. Dermot AHERN Paragraph 2 also confirms that the Charter may not have the effect of extending the field of application of Union law beyond the powers of the Union as established in the other Parts of the Constitution. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. Budget Committee MEPs already called in March for available financial means remaining in the 2020 budget to be mobilised. The Conference notes that the provisions of Article III-243 shall be applied in accordance with the current practice. In a resolution adopted on Friday, Parliament welcomes the EU's fiscal measures and liquidity support to address the pandemic. any other appropriate measure. United Kingdom 2. Minister for Foreign Affairs The reports shall at the least contain the information set out in Annex 4 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, which the Commission reserves the right to modify in line with its experiences during the monitoring process. 1. Nicolas Bay (ID, FR) criticised the EU response "We have a big challenge and you are absent. ), it applies under the conditions defined in these two Articles. Noting the need to adopt implementing provisions regarding continued Union assistance; European laws or framework laws shall establish the common organisation of the market provided for in Article III-228(1) and the other provisions necessary for the pursuit of the objectives of the common agricultural policy and the common fisheries policy. Article III-281 In accordance with any European law adopted under Article III-185(6) of the Constitution, the European Central Bank may perform specific tasks concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and other financial institutions with the exception of insurance undertakings. Articles III-225 to III-232 of the Constitution, together with the provisions adopted on that basis, and the provisions adopted in accordance with Article III-278(4)(b) of the Constitution shall apply to the Sovereign Base Areas. 1. 1. Article IV-439 The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the European regulations to give effect to the principles set out in Articles III-161 and III-162. F. whereas during the pandemic, healthcare systems are under great pressure to ensure adequate care for all patients; 2. A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the other members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. 61 1. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Feito em Roma, em vinte e nove de Outubro de dois mil e quatro 6. Always look at reliable sources for information about the coronavirus: national governments, health authorities or international organisations such as the World Health Organization . (d) With regard to the third paragraph, it should be noted that in accordance with the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights, provision should be made for legal aid where the absence of such aid would make it impossible to ensure an effective remedy (ECHR Judgment of 9 October 1979, Airey, Series A, Volume 32, 11). Their term of office shall be eight years and shall not be renewable. 40. 4. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. (a) By way of derogation from Article IV-437 of the Constitution, any amendment to the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice, annexed to the Treaty on European Union, to the Treaty establishing the European Community and to the EAEC Treaty, which is adopted between the signing and the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, shall remain in force.2. approve the annual report of the Board of Directors; Other parties must be represented by a lawyer. Article 52(2) of the Charter( Latvia On 8 April the EU launched Team Europe , a package of more than €20 billion to help the most vulnerable countries, in particular in Africa and the EU's neighbourhood, in the fight against the pandemic and its consequences. The Council and the Commission shall ensure the consistency of activities undertaken in the context of enhanced cooperation and the consistency of such activities with the policies of the Union, and shall cooperate to that end. The Commission, or the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs where the agreement envisaged relates exclusively or principally to the common foreign and security policy, shall submit recommendations to the Council, which shall adopt a European decision authorising the opening of negotiations and, depending on the subject of the agreement envisaged, nominating the Union negotiator or head of the Union's negotiating team.4. Food producers face labour shortages due to the suspension of the free movement of seasonal workers, on who they rely heavily. ), or as appropriate, in the corresponding Articles of the other Regulations on the common organisation of agricultural markets or of the European laws replacing them or the relevant procedure as determined in the applicable legislation. Article III-129 13 (a) two alternates nominated by the French Republic, 1. Enjoyment of these rights entails responsibilities and duties with regard to other persons, to the human community and to future generations. Article 33