SECTION 7 Provisions on patents 2. - 23 From 1 January 1986, the Portuguese Republic shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community information obtained in the nuclear field in Portugal which is given limited distribution, insofar as strictly commercial applications are not involved. European Ombudsman Protocol on the system of public broadcasting in the Member States Montserrat SOLIDARITY Article I-25 The European Commission has also unlocked €1 billion from the European Fund for Strategic Investments in guarantees to encourage banks and other lenders to provide up to €8 billion of liquidity in support to some 100,000 European businesses. ) to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland shall be maintained. It may be consulted by these institutions in all cases in which they consider it appropriate. General provisions Article 3 The European Central Bank may submit opinions to the Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies or to national authorities on matters within its powers. This statement may be supplemented by specific assessments for each major area of Union activity. Article III-384 of the Constitution shall only apply to an examination of the operational efficiency of the management of the European Central Bank. A European law of the Council may extend the period referred to in paragraph 1. 1. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Commission shall be instructed to implement this Article. environment; This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers.2. by promoting mutual confidence between the competent authorities of the Member States, in particular on the basis of mutual recognition of judicial and extrajudicial decisions; In all these cases, the Portuguese Republic shall apply a judicial procedure known as &#x2018; distraint-description &#x2019; . Article 6 exercise the other powers conferred by this Statute. The national central banks shall be the sole subscribers to and holders of the capital of the European Central Bank. Countries are also taking in critically ill patients from other parts of the EU and helping to repatriate EU citizens who have been left stranded abroad. (i) Anguilla The Covid-19 pandemic has forced Parliament to limit physical meetings and function remotely, but MEPs are still able to approve urgent EU measures to fight the pandemic. Subject to Article 3, the United Kingdom and Ireland shall not take part in the adoption by the Council of proposed measures pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution or to Article III-260 thereof, insofar as that Article relates to the areas covered by those Sections, to Article III-263 or to Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution. (d) The provisions of this Section shall not form an obstacle to the application of measures taken in the Federal Republic of Germany to the extent that such measures are required in order to compensate for the economic disadvantages caused by the division of Germany to the economy of certain areas of the Federal Republic affected by that division. The Council shall act unanimously.2. The Commission, and the European Central Bank in the specific cases provided for in the Constitution, shall adopt recommendations. The Governing Council shall meet at least ten times a year. Article III-227 The Union shall constitute an area of freedom, security and justice: 1. The Conference declares that the European decision relating to the implementation of Article I-25 will be adopted by the Council on the day the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe enters into force. Za prezidenta Ceské republiky 2. speeding up the adjustment of industry to structural changes; SECTION 4 Article 34 By way of derogation from this rule, the Rules of Procedure referred to in Article 12(3) may lay down that members of the Governing Council may cast their vote by means of teleconferencing. 2009: The customs duties and charges having an effect equivalent to such duties and the trade arrangements applied on the import into Ceuta and into Melilla of goods coming from a third country may not be less favourable than those applicable by the Union in accordance with its international commitments or its preferential arrangements with regard to such third country, providing that the same third country grants, to imports from Ceuta and from Melilla, the same treatment as that which it grants to the Union. 21. The Protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Union shall apply to the bodies referred to in paragraph 1 insofar as they are incorporated under Union law, to the members of their organs in the performance of their duties as such and to their staff, under the same terms and conditions as those applicable to the Bank. (f) Article III-152 When the situation so requires, the President shall convene a special meeting of the European Council.4. Everyone who has been charged shall be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law. Article 19 (k) The Statute may provide for the General Court to have jurisdiction for other classes of action or proceeding. 39. B. 19 The European Investment Bank shall contribute, under the terms laid down in its Statute, to the implementation of the measures referred to in paragraph 1. Article I-3 Every year member states receive money from these funds as pre-financing for projects. In accordance with Articles I-30(2) and III-185(1) of the Constitution, the primary objective of the European System of Central Banks shall be to maintain price stability. Priimta du tukstanciai ketvirtu metu spalio dvidesimt devinta diena Romoje partnership and cooperation with third countries for the purpose of managing inflows of people applying for asylum or subsidiary or temporary protection. United Kingdom Such solutions shall not run counter to the objectives of the action or impair its effectiveness. 1. 1. (a) On 16 March, the Commission provided financial support to the tune of €80 million to CureVac , an innovative vaccine developer in Germany, to support work on the coronavirus vaccine. The detailed implementing rules of this system and the quantities concerned shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 37 of Regulation (EC) No 104/2000. 27,95 The Union shall contribute to the flowering of the cultures of the Member States, while respecting their national and regional diversity and at the same time bringing the common cultural heritage to the fore. The Council may authorise the Committee, for the purpose and for the duration of a crisis management operation, as determined by the Council, to take the relevant measures concerning the political control and strategic direction of the operation. in the field of environmental protection shall be achieved by 1 May 2004 including the necessary investments addressed in the business plan, which include the need for future IPPC-related investment. The Union shall encourage cooperation between the Member States in the areas referred to in this Article and, if necessary, lend support to their action. Supporting the economy ( The Council shall be informed of European decisions adopted by the Commission in pursuance of paragraphs 1 and 2, including those directed at rejecting the request of a Member State. PART III 1. The situation of refugees in Greece calls for a concerted EU response to avoid a Covid-19 outbreak, according to MEPs on the civil liberties committee. The Commission shall communicate this information to Community undertakings under the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community. The rights of the child Article 5 Within their respective powers, the European Parliament and the Council shall also seek to achieve this objective.4. Any adjustments to these Agreements shall be the subject of protocols concluded with the co-contracting countries in conformity with the provisions of the second subparagraph of paragraph 1. The financial framework shall lay down any other provisions required for the annual budgetary procedure to run smoothly.4. TEXTS ADOPTED 1. Explanation If, after the start of the third stage, the balance sheet structures of the national central banks do not, in the judgment of the Governing Council, permit the application of paragraph 2, the Governing Council, acting by a qualified majority, may decide that, by way of derogation from paragraph 2, monetary income shall be measured according to an alternative method for a period of not more than five years. Declaration on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus The assessment may serve as a basis for Council recommendations and European decisions adopted in accordance with Article III-312 of the Constitution. Article 21