Legal acts CHAPTER I The free movement of goods and services is the only way to get supplies to where they are needed. The EU has also organised an online fundraiser that aims to raise an initial €7.5 billion for vaccines, medicines and diagnostics to fight the coronavirus worldwide. The Conference notes that the Protocol on Italy annexed in 1957 to the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, as amended upon adoption of the Treaty on European Union, stated that: European laws shall establish the necessary measures to this end, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States.3. The second sentence of the Article takes over Article III-278(1). ) 1. France Ghall-President ta' Malta Accounts with the European Central Bank and the national central banks They recognise it to be in their common interest that the objectives of this policy be so attained and agree to recommend to this end that the institutions implement all the means and procedures laid down by the Constitution, particularly by making adequate use of the Union resources intended for the realisation of its objectives. arrangements for the implementation of the European decisions referred to in points (i) and (ii); A member shall be replaced for the remainder of his term of office, save where the entire Board of Directors is being replaced.5. available scientific and technical data; Member States shall, in liaison with the Commission, coordinate among themselves the policies pursued at national level which may have a significant impact on the achievement of the objectives referred to in Article III-246. 1. (g) Article III-131 Covid-19's economic impact: €100 billion to keep people in jobs Aquaculture farmers for the temporary suspension or reduction of production 1. To this end, the President of the Council, with the assistance of the Commission and in compliance with the Rules of Procedure of the Council, shall undertake any initiative necessary to facilitate a wider basis of agreement in the Council. Article 4 aid to promote the execution of an important project of common European interest or to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State; When abstaining in a vote, any member of the Council may qualify its abstention by making a formal declaration. Pitcairn 687 MEPs participated in the first vote of the special plenary to deal with COVID-19 urgency measures It has recommended that the national agencies, responsible for the management of study exchanges, invoke "force majeure", which would allow them to assess the possibility of approving additional costs up to a maximum grant amount and to postpone planned activities for 12 months. The harmonisation measures referred to in this Article shall, in appropriate cases, include a safeguard clause authorising the Member States to take, for one or more of the non-economic reasons referred to in Article III-154, provisional measures subject to a Union control procedure. PROTOCOL ON THE CONVERGENCE CRITERIA The Ombudsman shall not, during his or her term of office, engage in any other occupation, whether gainful or not.4. Göran PERSSON Member States shall cooperate with the Union to ensure that the appropriations entered in the budget are used in accordance with this principle.7. NOTING the desire for greater flexibility in the arrangements for allocations from the Structural Funds; While we try to protect ourselves and our families from the virus, some traders are taking advantage of that anxiety to sell fake cures or products that allegedly prevent infection at very high prices. the establishment of the necessary rules for the application of Article 26 as referred to in Article 26(4); the development of alternative methods of dispute settlement; work together to ensure that they take the necessary measures to make good, including through multinational approaches, and without prejudice to undertakings in this regard within the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, the shortfalls perceived in the framework of the &#x2018; Capability Development Mechanism &#x2019; ; No one shall be liable to be tried or punished again in criminal proceedings under the jurisdiction of the same State for an offence for which he has already been finally acquitted or convicted in accordance with the law and penal procedure of that State. For the year 2004, the harmonised VAT assessment base and the GNI (gross national income) base of each new Member State, referred to in Article 2(1)(c) and (d) of Council Decision 2000/597/EC, Euratom shall be equal to two thirds of the annual base. (a) 3. ); Find out about your passenger rights in the EU in these exceptional times. 1. Declaration on Articles I-22, I-27 and I-28 Enhanced support to EU fishers, aquaculture farmers and agri-food producers 46 In January, Parliament called for more ambitious emission reduction targets than those proposed by the Commission to ensure the EU can meet the goal. 4. 24 The United Kingdom shall have the right to adopt the euro provided only that it satisfies the necessary conditions. After such review, the Commission or, where appropriate, the group of Member States, the European Parliament, the Court of Justice, the European Central Bank or the European Investment Bank, if the draft European legislative act originates from them, may decide to maintain, amend or withdraw the draft. reviewing, on the basis of sound economic considerations, the strategy of spin-off companies and, where appropriate, reintegrating services into the parent companies; 27 TITLE I (d) 10 things the EU is doing to fight coronavirus The terms of office of the Secretary-General of the Council, High Representative for the common foreign and security policy, and the Deputy Secretary-General of the Council shall end on the date of entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. An application for revision of a judgment may be made to the Court of Justice only on discovery of a fact which is of such a nature as to be a decisive factor, and which, when the judgment was given, was unknown to the Court and to the party claiming the revision. Article III-195 &#x2018; 1. &#x2018; Nothing in this Convention may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein or at their limitation to a greater extent than is provided for in the Convention. &#x2019; it may carry out any other financial operation linked with its objectives. In accordance with his or her duties, the Ombudsman shall conduct inquiries for which he or she finds grounds, either on his or her own initiative or on the basis of complaints submitted to him or her direct or through a member of the European Parliament, except where the alleged facts are or have been the subject of legal proceedings. Celex Test The property and assets of the Bank shall not be liable to attachment or to seizure by way of execution except by decision of a court. 1. 2. In all actions relating to children, whether taken by public authorities or private institutions, the child's best interests must be a primary consideration.3. 6 CHAPTER I Right to an effective remedy and to a fair trial The Union shall work for the sustainable development of Europe based on balanced economic growth and price stability, a highly competitive social market economy, aiming at full employment and social progress, and a high level of protection and improvement of the quality of the environment. "If Europe is about economic and monetary solidarity, health solidarity is even more necessary" said Dominique Riquet (Renew, FR). In Article 2(2) of the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union, the weighting of the votes of Romania and Bulgaria in the European Council and the Council will be set at 14 and 10 respectively. It is recalled that it is the practice of the Council to devote every effort to strengthening the democratic legitimacy of decisions taken by a qualified majority. Charges or dues in respect of the crossing of frontiers which are charged by a carrier in addition to the transport rates shall not exceed a reasonable level after taking the costs actually incurred thereby into account. The European Central Bank and the national central banks may issue such notes. 249 617 500 United Kingdom The first group shall be composed of five governors and shall be assigned four voting rights. This Treaty shall not apply to overseas countries and territories having special relations with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland which are not included in that list. 2. If you see any of the claims listed below, be on your guard: Paragraph 1 of this Article is based on Directive 89/391/EEC on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health of workers at work. 1. If, within six weeks of its being convened, the Conciliation Committee does not approve the joint text, the proposed act shall be deemed not to have been adopted. That law shall not enter into force until it is approved by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements.4. Article 28 Molasses, whether or not decolorised The European Central Bank shall have the exclusive right to authorise the issue of euro bank notes in the Union. To this end the Union and the Member States shall act taking account of the diverse forms of national practices, in particular in the field of contractual relations, and the need to maintain the competitiveness of the Union economy. Article II-102 Member States shall ensure, through the convergence of their actions, that the Union is able to assert its interests and values on the international scene. 1. A committee consisting of the Permanent Representatives of the Governments of the Member States shall be responsible for preparing the work of the Council and for carrying out the tasks assigned to it by the latter. Belgium