HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Prohibition of abuse of rights Currently 165,000 young people across Europe are on an Erasmus exchange and 5,000 more are involved in volunteering projects. The agreement relating to the accession of the Union to the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; European Convention &#x2019; ) provided for in Article I-9(2) of the Constitution shall make provision for preserving the specific characteristics of the Union and Union law, in particular with regard to: 35. The commitment appropriations for the Transition Facility, at 1999 prices, shall be 200 million euro in 2004, 120 million euro in 2005 and 60 million euro in 2006. 1. After consulting the European Parliament and after discussion in the European Council, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt a European decision establishing which Member States with a derogation fulfil the necessary conditions on the basis of the criteria laid down in paragraph 1, and shall abrogate the derogations of the Member States concerned. Assinaram igualmente a presente Acta Final, na qualidade de Estados candidatos à adesão à União Europeia, observadores na Conferência: EUR 7 616 750 Decisions of the full Court shall be valid only if fifteen Judges are sitting. ) are the rights guaranteed by Article 5 of the ECHR, and in accordance with Article 52(3) of the Charter( preserve peace, prevent conflicts and strengthen international security, in accordance with the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter, with the principles of the Helsinki Final Act and with the aims of the Charter of Paris, including those relating to external borders; Notwithstanding this, public procurement procedures initiated after 1 May 2004 shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union acts.3. *** signature *** Ursula PLASSNIK Article 14 Prime Minister The Management Committee shall consist of a President and eight Vice-Presidents appointed for a period of six years by the Board of Governors on a proposal from the Board of Directors. Austria Noting also the commitment of the United Kingdom not to create customs posts or other frontier barriers between the Sovereign Base Areas and the Republic of Cyprus and the arrangements made pursuant to the Treaty of Establishment whereby the authorities of the Republic of Cyprus administer a wide range of public services in the Sovereign Base Areas, including in the fields of agriculture, customs and taxation; HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which are annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: In that case Article 2 applies. The Board of Governors shall in addition: The European Commission has allocated €48.25 million tor 18 research projects within Horizon 2020 , the EU's framework programme for funding research. They may be re-elected once. The Commission may, in close cooperation with the Member States, take any useful initiative to promote such coordination.4. Declaring the Union's willingness to continue to provide adequate additional assistance to Lithuania's decommissioning effort also after Lithuania's accession to the Union for the period until 2006 and beyond and noting that Lithuania, bearing in mind this expression of Union solidarity, has committed to close Unit 1 of the Ignalina nuclear power plant before 2005 and Unit 2 by 2009; (a) 1513 Article 4 of Protocol No 7 to the ECHR reads as follows: 1. 10 Diplomatic and consular protection No-one shall be condemned to such penalty or executed. &#x2019; It is the first European Parliament plenary session to use remote voting. Nevertheless, in all respects other than their scope, the guarantees afforded by the ECHR apply in a similar way to the Union. (b) Temporarily suspending EU rules on airport slots . Article 7 of the ECHR is worded as follows: Poland shall supply the Commission with six-monthly reports concerning the restructuring of the benefiting companies, no later than 15 March and 15 September of each year, until the end of the restructuring period; Article 17 activities of an industrial character; ) In the case of a decision depriving a Judge of his office, a vacancy shall arise on the bench upon this latter notification. 11 It shall provide the Union with an operational capacity drawing on civil and military assets. The Staff Regulations of officials and the Conditions of employment of other servants of the Union shall be laid down by a European law. 3. the objectives and tasks of the European System of Central Banks (Article III-185(1), (2), (3) and (5)); (a) If the action is well founded, the Court of Justice of the European Union shall declare the act concerned to be void. Declaration by the Kingdom of the Netherlands on Article IV-440 The tasks referred to in Article I-41(1), in the course of which the Union may use civilian and military means, shall include joint disarmament operations, humanitarian and rescue tasks, military advice and assistance tasks, conflict prevention and peace-keeping tasks, tasks of combat forces in crisis management, including peace-making and post-conflict stabilisation. The sum of the amounts deemed necessary, fixed in the specific programmes, shall not exceed the overall maximum amount fixed for the framework programme and each activity. 3. In the field of the aids provided for in Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution: Where there are serious difficulties resulting from accession which remain after full utilisation of Article 48 and of the other measures resulting from the rules existing in the Union, the Commission may adopt a European decision authorising Finland to grant national aids to producers so as to facilitate their full integration into the common agricultural policy. Such data must be processed fairly for specified purposes and on the basis of the consent of the person concerned or some other legitimate basis laid down by law. Member States shall actively and unreservedly support the Union's common foreign and security policy in a spirit of loyalty and mutual solidarity and shall comply with the Union's action in this area. Lithuania OJ L 169, 29.6.1987, p. (c) Explanation for Huta Labedy, implementing the cost savings programme and reducing reliance on the mining industry; Protocols and Annexes The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may decide to make its recommendations public. Everyone arrested or detained in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1(c) of this Article shall be brought promptly before a judge or other officer authorised by law to exercise judicial power and shall be entitled to trial within a reasonable time or to release pending trial. The Commission has also proposed to cut the number of physical on-farm checks, to extend the deadline for farmers to apply for direct payments and rural development payments by one month to 15 June 2020 and to increase the advances of these payments from mid-October. 1. MEMBER STATES The fund was created in 2014 to help alleviate the worst forms of poverty in the EU: food deprivation, child poverty, homelessness Thanks to special procedures put in place, all MEPs were able to cast their votes remotely: 687 MEPs participated in the first vote to approve the urgency procedure. European laws or framework laws may extend this Subsection to service providers who are nationals of a third State and who are established within the Union. Every worker has the right to limitation of maximum working hours, to daily and weekly rest periods and to an annual period of paid leave. (b) Any individual exemption decisions taken and negative clearance decisions taken before 1 January 1995 under Article 53 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA) or Article 1 of Protocol 25 to that Agreement, whether by the Surveillance Authority of the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) or the Commission, and which concern cases which fall under Article 81 of the Treaty establishing the European Community as a result of accession shall remain valid for the purposes of Article III-161 of the Constitution until the time limit specified therein expires or until the Commission adopts a duly motivated European decision to the contrary, in accordance with Union law.2. Principles of legality and proportionality of criminal offences and penalties "Last week, Members of the European Parliament almost unanimously adopted urgency measures to free up money to help EU countries finance healthcare, medical assistance or prevent further spread of the disease. isotope applications, in particular those of stable isotopes; Article 2 Articles 2 to 5 may be reviewed by the Council, by unanimous decision, after consulting the European Parliament and the Commission, when a common definition of origin for petroleum products from third countries and associated countries is adopted, or when decisions are taken within the framework of a common commercial policy for the products in question or when a common energy policy is established.2. The Committee of the Regions shall elect its chairman and officers from among its members for a term of two and a half years. (e) The oral procedure shall consist of the reading of the report presented by a Judge acting as Rapporteur, the hearing by the Court of Justice of agents, advisers and lawyers and of the submissions of the Advocate General, as well as the hearing, if any, of witnesses and experts. (b) Article 20 - FINAL PROVISIONS 152 335 000 Points out that specific provisions to that end have been included in Title III of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. 23. ) Core activities are reduced, but maintained to ensure that the institution's legislative, budgetary, scrutiny functions are maintained. For the same purposes as those referred to in paragraph 1 and if the Constitution has not provided the necessary powers, a European law or framework law of the Council may establish measures concerning passports, identity cards, residence permits or any other such document and measures concerning social security or social protection. bringing forward the proposed investment in the secondary steel-making process from 2004 to 2003, in order to allow the company to compete on quality rather than on price; ) to Protocol No 10 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden shall have the same status and may be used with the same legal effect as the corresponding terms used in Germany listed in that Annex.2. In the event that the value of one such property bought by a national of a Member State exceeds the thresholds provided for in Malta's legislation, namely 30 000 Maltese lira for apartments and 50 000 Maltese lira for any type of property other than apartments and property of historical importance, authorisation shall be granted. In that event, the proceedings before the General Court shall continue. any work or service which forms part of normal civic obligations. &#x2019;