The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall consult and inform the European Parliament in accordance with Article I-40(8) and Article I-41(8). 0,2652 % Without prejudice to the other provisions of the Constitution, a European law may confer on the Court of Justice of the European Union, to the extent that it shall determine, jurisdiction in disputes relating to the application of acts adopted on the basis of the Constitution which create European intellectual property rights. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. The subscription of capital shall be according to the key established in accordance with Article 29.3. 13. The Rules of Procedure may derogate from the fourth paragraph of Article 40 and from Article 41 in order to take account of the specific features of litigation in the field of intellectual property. The EU funds should directly support healthcare systems in EU member states in their fight against the coronavirus pandemic. 1. The current precautionary measures adopted by the EP to contain the spread of COVID-19 do not affect work on legislative priorities. The Council, acting under the conditions and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article III-198(3) of the Constitution, shall take all other necessary decisions to enable the United Kingdom to adopt the euro. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, The economic affairs committee will discuss the economic impact and response to the Covid-19 outbreak with Valdis Dombrovskis, Executive Vice-President for An Economy that Works for People, and Paolo Gentiloni, Commissioner for Economy, on Monday. The Council shall adopt the European decision establishing the list of members and alternate members drawn up in accordance with the proposals made by each Member State. Right to the integrity of the person offer a sufficient guarantee for the duration and effectiveness of their action, 49,30 3. The Union may conclude with third countries and competent international organisations any agreement helping to achieve the objectives referred to in Articles III-292 and III-316. However, in accordance with the principles determined by the Board of Governors pursuant to Article 7(3)(b), and where the implementation of operations provided for in Article III-394 of the Constitution so requires, the Board of Directors shall, acting by a qualified majority, lay down the terms and conditions for taking an equity participation in a commercial undertaking, normally as a complement to a loan or a guarantee, insofar as this is required to finance an investment or programme. Article III-404 When the agenda so requires, the members of the European Council may decide each to be assisted by a minister and, in the case of the President of the Commission, by a member of the Commission. The Commission shall promote the consultation of management and labour at Union level and shall adopt any relevant measure to facilitate their dialogue by ensuring balanced support for the parties.2. - Article II-69 A case shall be brought before the Court of Justice by a written application addressed to the Registrar. Por Su Majestad el Rey de España (b) ) In those Articles, references to the Union or the Member States shall not include the United Kingdom and references to national central banks or shareholders shall not include the Bank of England. Within their respective spheres of competence, the Union and the Member States shall cooperate with third countries and the competent international organisations. In this context the Charter will be interpreted by the courts of the Union and the Member States with due regard to the explanations prepared under the authority of the Praesidium of the Convention which drafted the Charter and updated under the responsibility of the Praesidium of the European Convention. 82 61,07 Article II-86 Many travellers have struggled to return home, while tourism businesses are facing severe liquidity issues, as there are very few new bookings and a large number of claims for refunds following cancellations. The Regional Development Committee will do its utmost to ensure that money is made available where it is most needed." Union Workers' right to information and consultation within the undertaking Release may be conditioned by guarantees to appear for trial. 14 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. Officials and other servants of the Union shall be exempt from national taxes on salaries, wages and emoluments paid by the Union. the conditions set out in this Title are met, and Article III-259 In carrying out its task, the European Investment Bank shall facilitate the financing of investment programmes in conjunction with assistance from the Structural Funds and other Union financial instruments. 4. The Judges and the Advocates-General of the Court of Justice and the Judges of the General Court shall be chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who satisfy the conditions set out in Articles III-355 and III-356. 54 13. (b) Article III-427 This Article corresponds to a general principle of law which is included in all European constitutions and has also been recognised by the Court of Justice as a basic principle of Community law (judgment of 13 November 1984, Case 283/83 Racke [1984] ECR 3791, judgment of 17 April 1997, Case 15/95 EARL [1997] ECR I-1961, and judgment of 13 April 2000, Case 292/97 Karlsson [2000] ECR 2737). &#x2018; deficit &#x2019; means net borrowing as defined in the European System of Integrated Economic Accounts; Level of protection Assistance would finance national short-time work schemes, unemployment benefits and similar job protection measures. The right guaranteed in this Article is the right guaranteed by Articles I-10 and III-335 of the Constitution. Article I-36 (d) Article 47 In addition to the individual business reports of the benefiting companies there shall also be a report on the overall situation of the Polish steel sector, including recent macroeconomic developments; The Conference confirms that Member States may negotiate and conclude agreements with third countries or international organisations in the areas covered by Sections 3, 4 and 5 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe insofar as such agreements comply with Union law. Meaning Article 37 Article 52 When a Member State raises a specific problem on public health in a field which has been the subject of prior harmonisation measures, it shall bring it to the attention of the Commission which shall immediately examine whether to propose appropriate measures.9. No one shall be held guilty of any criminal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a criminal offence under national or international law at the time when it was committed. (a) 2. Cette signature engage également la Communauté française, la Communauté flamande, la Communauté germanophone, la Région wallonne, la Région flamande et la Région de Bruxelles-Capitale. It shall ensure that these decisions are implemented. Declaration by the Commission on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus Part III, Title III, Chapter I, Section 3 The Union therefore recognises the rights, freedoms and principles set out hereafter. Of this total figure, Nová Hut receives a maximum of CZK 5 700 075 201, Vítkovice Steel receives a maximum of CZK 8 155 350 000 and Válcovny Plechu Frýdek Místek receives a maximum of CZK 292 000 000 depending on the requirements as set out in the approved restructuring plan. TITLE IX Member States shall respect their independence and shall not seek to influence them in the performance of their tasks. Article 27 Dairy produce; birds' eggs; natural honey (b) Cette signature engage également la Communauté française, la Communauté flamande, la Communauté germanophone, la Région wallonne, la Région flamande et la Région de Bruxelles-Capitale. 3. Article II-97 ) corresponds to Article 4 of Protocol No 7 to the ECHR, but its scope is extended to European Union level between the Courts of the Member States. PROVISIONS TAKEN FROM THE ACT CONCERNING THE CONDITIONS OF ACCESSION OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA, THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND AND THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN The Member States recognise in particular that, in the application of Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution, it will be necessary to take into account the objectives of economic expansion and the raising of the standard of living of the population. The Council shall, by a simple majority, adopt a European decision establishing an Employment Committee with advisory status to promote coordination between Member States on employment and labour market policies. the terms set out in the restructuring plan, on the basis of which the abovementioned Protocol was extended are adhered to throughout the period 2002-2006, Article III-252 The European Council 1. No one shall be required to perform forced or compulsory labour. ) to Protocol 9 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden form part of the trans-European networks for rail and combined transport and are furthermore identified as projects of common interest. Judicial control and related matters 3. which contributes to improving the production or distribution of goods or to promoting technical or economic progress, while allowing consumers a fair share of the resulting benefit, and which does not: European laws or framework laws shall establish measures for the approximation of the provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States which have as their object the establishment and functioning of the internal market. SECTION 1 Using the procedure for monitoring the subsidiarity principle referred to in Article I-11(3), the European Commission shall draw national Parliaments' attention to proposals based on this Article.3. 35.