The Union shall seek to develop relations and build partnerships with third countries, and international, regional or global organisations which share the principles referred to in the first subparagraph. 3. The Council shall adopt the European decision establishing the list of members drawn up in accordance with the proposals made by each Member State. OJ L 161, 26.6.1999, p. Poland 7 15. A conference of Parliamentary Committees for Union Affairs may submit any contribution it deems appropriate for the attention of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission. The package of specific temporary measures includes supporting fishers in the sector that have to temporarily stop operating, financial aid for aquaculture producers when production is suspended or reduced, support to producer organisations to temporarily store fishery and aquaculture products, as well as a more flexible reallocation of national operational funds. Article I-13 Article III-360 Declaration by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the definition of the term &#x2018; nationals &#x2019; This means that there will be enough time to work and vote on this priority file. It will be of the utmost importance to coordinate the gradual relaxation of the lockdown as well as the path to exit and recovery... to avoid any backtracking or any devastating return to crisis." The European Central Bank and national central banks may: Nevertheless: 442,80 The Council, on a recommendation from the Commission, may address the necessary recommendations to the Member State concerned. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European regulations or European decisions in order to implement the European laws referred to in the first paragraph. The Member States shall be liable only up to the amount of their share of the capital subscribed and not paid up. The number of Judges of the General Court shall be determined by the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union. The Union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity, freedom, democracy, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities. (b) To that end, Union action shall be aimed at: Article III-220 In the field of international cooperation involving the tasks entrusted to the European System of Central Banks, the European Central Bank shall decide how the European System of Central Banks shall be represented.2. In a discussion with Charles Michel, President of the European Council, and Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, MEPs said that solidarity and ambitious new solutions were needed to overcome the coronavirus outbreak and the resulting economic challenges. stimulate cooperation on training between educational or training establishments and firms; SECTION 6 In accordance with Article 52(2) of the Charter( This shall not imply changes in the respective positions of the Member States concerned. Article II-107 Vice-President Katarina Barley (S&D, DE) highlighted that "In times like these, lives depend on all of us listening to health authorities, and spreading lies or questioning the truth becomes even more dangerous. Article 12 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee. In Articles 9(2), 10(2) and (3), 12(1), 16, 17, 18, 22, 23, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33(2) and 50 of this Statute, &#x2018; national central banks &#x2019; shall mean central banks of Member States whose currency is the euro.5. Mikulás DZURINDA Click on the names of individual speakers to view their statements Is it still relevant in the context of the corona crisis? 10. Article IV-444 Prohibition of child labour and protection of young people at work 2 33. Article 15 President of the Government They therefore support the idea of a Conference of the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, which should be convened as soon as possible. The Union, its assets, revenues and other property shall be exempt from all direct taxes. - Desiring that the accession of Cyprus to the Union shall benefit all Cypriot citizens and promote civil peace and reconciliation; agreements with important budgetary implications for the Union; this Treaty shall not apply to the overseas countries and territories having special relations with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland which are not mentioned in the list in Annex II to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe; Such laws shall be adopted after consulting the Economic and Social Committee. Protocol on the Statute of the European Investment Bank Provisions on Ceuta and Melilla Article III-194 Article 6 MEPs call for concrete actions to preserve the rule of law Article 6 (e) Such exclusive or partially exclusive licences shall be granted on a normal commercial basis. (a) The Council shall adopt European decisions relating to the tasks referred to in paragraph 1, defining their objectives and scope and the general conditions for their implementation. Za prezidenta Slovenskej republiky INDUSTRY Article III-161 The Conference agrees that, in its general efforts to eliminate inequalities between women and men, the Union will aim in its different policies to combat all kinds of domestic violence. The rights of the elderly "It is time to do away with taboos; it is the only way to deal with this pandemic today and with the climate issues tomorrow." without prejudice to Article III-344, to contribute to the preparation of the work of the Council referred to in Article III-159, Article III-179(2), (3), (4) and (6), Articles III-180, III-183 and III-184, Article III-185(6), Article III-186(2), Article III-187(3) and (4), Articles III-191 and III-196, Article III-198(2) and (3), Article III-201, Article III-202(2) and (3) and Articles III-322 and III-326, and to carry out other advisory and preparatory tasks assigned to it by the Council; ), which will become eligible for Community funding only from 1 May 2004, in accordance with Article 2 of this Protocol. (e) In exercising its powers regarding the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of Chapter IV of Title III relating to the area of freedom, security and justice, the Court of Justice of the European Union shall have no jurisdiction to review the validity or proportionality of operations carried out by the police or other law-enforcement services of a Member State or the exercise of the responsibilities incumbent upon Member States with regard to the maintenance of law and order and the safeguarding of internal security. Welcomes the measures that have been taken so far at EU level in terms of fiscal measures and liquidity support; civil protection; It's also in a way a European interest because we don't want to see the second and the third wave of this pandemic reaching Europe from neighbouring countries. Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union 10. PROTOCOLS AND ANNEXES effective access to justice; The personal liability of its servants towards the Union shall be governed by the provisions laid down in their Staff Regulations or in the Conditions of Employment applicable to them. the laying down of the Conditions of employment of the staff of the European Central Bank as referred to in Article 36. This Treaty shall apply to Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique, Réunion, the Azores, Madeira and the Canary Islands in accordance with Article III-424. (b) As the EU looks at how best to recover from the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, MEPs say the Green Deal must be at the centre of any reconstruction package. Poland 397 815 000 ( THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY, Committees have a busy week ahead of them: from discussing Covid-19's economic impact to voting on plans for tyre labelling and support for the agriculture sector. 1. The Commission shall ensure the application of this Article and shall, where necessary, adopt appropriate European regulations or decisions. The European Ombudsman The European Central Bank may offer advice to and be consulted by the Council, the Commission and the competent authorities of the Member States on the scope and implementation of legally binding acts of the Union relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and to the stability of the financial system.2. - The Court of Auditors shall forward its annual report to national Parliaments, for information, at the same time as to the European Parliament and to the Council. Therefore, the &#x2018; negative &#x2019; definitions appearing in the ECHR must be regarded as also forming part of the Charter: The spread of disinformation about the coronavirus has also been a concern. Ferenc GYURCSÁNY If the level of the duties applicable to goods from a third country on entry into a country or territory is liable, when Article III-288(1) has been applied, to cause deflections of trade to the detriment of any Member State, the latter may request the Commission to propose to the other Member States that they take the necessary measures to remedy the situation.