The Schengen 12. 13. C. whereas the global and European spread of COVID-19 has already tragically cost the lives of many thousands of people in Europe and the world, causing irreparable damage and confining over a billion people to their homes; ) The proposal was adopted with 689 votes in favour, 6 against and one abstention. European regulations to the extent necessary to implement the tasks defined in Article 3(1)(a), Article 19(1), Article 22 and Article 25(2) of the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank and in cases which shall be laid down in European regulations and decisions as referred to in Article III-187(4); Insofar as the Charter applies to the Union, this means that in its training policies the Union must respect free compulsory education, but this does not, of course, create new powers. Specific provisions relating to the common security and defence policy The Council, on a proposal from the Commission or the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, shall adopt a European decision suspending application of an agreement and establishing the positions to be adopted on the Union's behalf in a body set up by an agreement, when that body is called upon to adopt acts having legal effects, with the exception of acts supplementing or amending the institutional framework of the agreement.10. Reporting commitments The income accruing to the national central banks in the performance of the monetary policy function of the European System of Central Banks (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; monetary income &#x2019; ) shall be allocated at the end of each financial year in accordance with the provisions of this Article.2. Article III-245 8. Article 29 Any citizen of the Union and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State has the right to refer to the European Ombudsman cases of maladministration in the activities of the institutions, bodies, offices or agencies of the Union, with the exception of the Court of Justice of the European Union acting in its judicial role. The Bank shall borrow on the capital markets the funds necessary for the performance of its tasks. 4. Malta Recognising that the decommissioning of the Ignalina nuclear power plant with two 1500 MW RBMK-type reactor units inherited from the former Soviet Union is of an unprecedented nature and represents for Lithuania an exceptional financial burden not commensurate with the size and economic strength of the country and that this decommissioning will continue beyond the current Financial Perspective as defined by the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999; This majority must represent at least 50 % of the subscribed capital. Article III-304 Insofar as this corresponds to Article 14 of the ECHR, it applies in compliance with it. the fulfilment by national central banks of obligations under the Constitution and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank. The measures will make up to €800 million available for European countries in 2020. directly or indirectly fix purchase or selling prices or any other trading conditions; (e) 9. Belgium Recognising that the decommissioning of the Ignalina nuclear power plant is of a long-term nature and represents for Lithuania an exceptional financial burden not commensurate with its size and economic strength, the Union shall, in solidarity with Lithuania, provide adequate additional assistance to the decommissioning effort beyond 2006.2. The Bank shall not grant any reduction in interest rates. 2. (b) Article 23 Such decisions shall lay down the objectives, the scope, the means to be made available to the Union, if necessary the duration, and the conditions for implementation of the action. The Governing Council Constitution EN FE DE LO CUAL, los plenipotenciarios infrascritos suscriben el presente Tratado France In all actions relating to children, whether taken by public authorities or private institutions, the child's best interests must be a primary consideration. The Emergency Response Coordination Centre will manage the distribution of the equipment to ensure it goes where it is needed most. No appeal shall lie regarding only the amount of the costs or the party ordered to pay them. Calls for a coordinated post-lockdown approach in the EU, in order to avoid a resurgence of the virus; urges the Member States to jointly develop criteria for lifting the quarantine and other emergency measures on the basis of the preservation of human life; calls on the Commission to launch an effective exit strategy that includes largescale testing, and PPE for the largest possible number of citizens; encourages the Member States to develop more systematic testing on infection and exposure to the virus and to share best practices; 3. PREAMBLE Stanislav GROSS A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of these members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. The expenditure of: Where the General Court considers that the case requires a decision of principle likely to affect the unity or consistency of Union law, it may refer the case to the Court of Justice for a ruling. The Member State in whose territory the Union has its seat shall accord the customary diplomatic privileges and immunities to missions of third States accredited to the Union. The 151 research teams from across the EU and beyond that are participating in these projects are working on: The European Central Bank shall, in addition, be exempt from any form of taxation or imposition of a like nature on the occasion of any increase in its capital and from the various formalities which may be connected therewith in the State where the Bank has its seat. 2. MEPs want to see a massive recovery package to support the European economy after the COVID-19 crisis, including recovery bonds guaranteed by the EU budget. 1. The European Parliament, the Council or the Commission shall, if it considers it necessary, set the Committee, for the submission of its opinion, a time-limit which shall not be less than one month from the date on which the chairman receives notification to this effect. The rest are concentrated in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, Vietnam, Iran, Bahrain and Yemen. new treatments Article 48 A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. 4. 3. Cyprus Explanation Article 7 It shall also examine the accounts of all revenue and expenditure of any body, office or agency set up by the Union insofar as the instrument establishing that body, office or agency does not preclude such examination. Scope and interpretation of rights and principles Each Member State and the Commission shall appoint two members of the Committee. The European Central Bank is an institution. recommendations and opinions. hold and manage the assets referred to in this Article; Article IV-446 The amended proposal was adopted with 686 votes in favour, 7 against and 3 abstentions. From 1 January 1986, the Kingdom of Spain shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community information obtained in the nuclear field in Spain which is given limited distribution, insofar as strictly commercial applications are not involved. refer the draft back to the Council, which shall terminate the suspension of the procedure referred to in Article III-396 where it is applicable, or 89 Where a European Parliament amendment is not confirmed, the position agreed in the Conciliation committee on the budget heading which is the subject of the amendment shall be retained. The duration of the judicial vacations shall be determined by the Court of Justice with due regard to the needs of its business. (b) The General Affairs Council shall ensure consistency in the work of the different Council configurations. Article III-267 The European Council and the Council shall adopt the necessary European decisions.4. 11. By way of derogation from the rule laid down in Article III-358(1) of the Constitution, jurisdiction shall be reserved to the Court of Justice in the actions referred to in Articles III-365 and III-367 of the Constitution when they are brought by a Member State against: to deliver opinions at the request of the Council or of the Commission, or on its own initiative, for submission to those institutions; THE PRESIDENT OF IRELAND, After consulting each Member State concerned, the Commission shall adopt the necessary European decisions. They agree to recommend to this end that the institutions use all the means and procedures laid down by the Constitution, particularly by making adequate use of the Union resources intended for the realisation of its objectives. Article 35 Netherlands By way of derogation from paragraph 1, the Council shall act by a qualified majority: Should the monitoring show that: the potential benefits and costs of action or lack of action; These measures may be taken during a period expiring on 31 December 1997 and their application shall be limited to that date.2. This Treaty is concluded for an unlimited period. Avoiding empty flights Under the principle of subsidiarity, in areas which do not fall within its exclusive competence, the Union shall act only if and insofar as the objectives of the proposed action cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States, either at central level or at regional and local level, but can rather, by reason of the scale or effects of the proposed action, be better achieved at Union level. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. Article 25 Assuring the EU's recovery