Coordinated post-lockdown approach needed encouraging the creation of a favourable environment for the development of undertakings in this sector; THE PRESIDENT OF THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC, 1. measures relating to excessive deficits concerning those Member States whose currency is the euro (Article III-184(6), (7), (8) and (11)). Malta 40. Article 6 It also draws on Article 3 of the Social Charter and point 19 of the Community Charter on the rights of workers, and, as regards dignity at work, on Article 26 of the revised Social Charter. This service shall work in cooperation with the diplomatic services of the Member States and shall comprise officials from relevant departments of the General Secretariat of the Council and of the Commission as well as staff seconded from national diplomatic services of the Member States. The Kingdom of the Netherlands will agree to a European decision as referred to in Article I-55(4) once a revision of the European law referred to in Article I-54(3) has provided the Netherlands with a satisfactory solution for its excessive negative net payment position vis-à-vis the Union budget. If, by the end of the period referred to in paragraph 3, either no action has been taken by the European Council or if, within 12 months from the submission of a new draft under paragraph 3(b), the European framework law has not been adopted, and at least one third of the Member States wish to establish enhanced cooperation on the basis of the draft framework law concerned, they shall notify the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission accordingly. In accordance with these same Articles, those Member States whose currency is not the euro, and their central banks, shall retain their powers in monetary matters.5. the compatibility of the rules applicable in the Member States concerning conflict of laws and of jurisdiction; To prevent shortages or delays in getting key medical devices onto the market, Parliament agrees to postpone the application of the new Medical Devices Regulation. TIL BEKRÆFTELSE HERAF har undertegnede befuldmægtigede underskrevet denne traktat (d) It shall examine the accounts of all Union revenue and expenditure, and shall ensure good financial management.3. MEPs called for decisive action by the Council and the Commission to tackle the most severe violations in Poland and Hungary and criticised them for the lack of progress in ongoing Article 7(1) procedures , which could result in sanctions including the loss of voting rights in the Council, if a clear risk of a serious breach of EU values is established. To support employers and to protect workers and the self-employed from losing their jobs or incomes, the European Commission is proposing a new temporary instrument called Sure (Support to mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency), to complement national efforts to protect employment. These relate most notably to the indefinite state of emergency and the new power of the government to rule by decree in Hungary, and the decision by Poland to hold presidential elections during the pandemic, despite worries about how fair these elections can be due to new participation mechanisms and campaigning issues. 0,0465 % Protocol on the position of Denmark Any other appropriate measures provided for in the Constitution may be adopted. W DOWÓD CZEGO nizej podpisani pelnomocnicy zlozyli swoje podpisy pod niniejszym Traktatem 4501 1. Declaration concerning the explanations relating to the Charter of Fundamental Rights 365 The derogation provided for in paragraph 1 is aimed at maintaining a viable local economy in the islands and shall not have any negative effects on the interests of the Union nor on its common policies. In the absence of opposition, the European Council may adopt the decision. Franco FRATTINI (d) 8 Article 20 (e) Article III-255 PROTOCOL ON ARTICLE 40.3.3 OF THE CONSTITUTION OF IRELAND (e) , it applies under the conditions set out in these Articles of Parts I and III of the Constitution. EMPLOYMENT Where it considers that specific regional interests are involved, the Committee of the Regions may issue an opinion on the matter. The Parliament will keep monitoring Other operations COVID-19: MEPs call for a strong EU action to help developing countries 2. Article I-7 Considering that the Union is ready to accommodate the terms of such a settlement in line with the principles on which the Union is founded; Saba Article III-415 The States, other than the Member States, which are parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and also the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) Surveillance Authority referred to in that Agreement shall be represented in same manner. Priimta du tukstanciai ketvirtu metu spalio dvidesimt devinta diena Romoje Each Member State shall provide the Council and the Commission with an annual report on the principal measures taken to implement its employment policy in the light of the guidelines for employment as referred to in paragraph 2.4. The Commission shall negotiate these protocols on behalf of the Member States on the basis of negotiating directives approved by the Council, acting by unanimity, and in consultation with a committee comprised of the representatives of the Member States. CHAPTER 15 Lithuania The provisions of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe shall not derogate from the provisions of this Treaty. &#x2019; ) 81 Article III-262 3. Specific provisions relating to the area of freedom, security and justice Slovakia Union development cooperation policy shall have as its primary objective the reduction and, in the long term, the eradication of poverty. Stands in awe and admiration of all those that stand in the frontline fighting the pandemic and have worked tirelessly such as doctors and nurses but also is deeply grateful to all the anonymous heroes, who fulfil essential duties such as those working in the fields of food retail and delivery, education, agriculture, transport, members of emergency services, civil society, volunteers, cleaning and waste collection to maintain public life and services and to guarantee access to essential goods; highlights that 70 % of the global health and social workforce are women, often only paid the minimum wage and in precarious working conditions, and calls for the levelling up of wages and working conditions in strongly female-dominated sectors like care, health and retail sales, as well as the eradication of the gender pay and pension gap and labour market segregation; considers that it is the duty of the EU and its Member States to provide maximum support to these key workers and recognise the daily sacrifices they make; Urges the Member States to ensure safe working conditions for all workers at the front line of this epidemic, in particular front-line medical staff, by implementing appropriate and coordinated national measures, including the provision of sufficient personal protective equipment (PPE); calls on the Commission to supervise the implementation of these measures; If the United Kingdom adopts the euro pursuant to the provisions of this Article, Articles 3 to 8 shall cease to have effect. Disinformation endangers citizens' health and democracy 26. - Nothing in this Charter shall be interpreted as implying any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms recognised in this Charter or at their limitation to a greater extent than is provided for herein. Article 17 - (a) Kostas KARAMANLIS Declaration on Article III-220 The Commission may submit a proposal to the Council to that effect. The net capacity reductions shown in Annex 2 to Protocol 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 are minima and actual net capacity reductions to be achieved and the time frame for doing so shall be established on the basis of Poland's final restructuring programme and individual business plans under the Europe Agreement establishing an association between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part, and Poland, of the other part, taking into account the objective to ensure the viability of benefiting companies as at 31 December 2006. 8. The provisions of this Charter are addressed to the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union with due regard for the principle of subsidiarity and to the Member States only when they are implementing Union law. 6. European laws and framework laws shall be adopted, on the basis of proposals from the Commission, jointly by the European Parliament and the Council under the ordinary legislative procedure as set out in Article III-396. the portion of agricultural land devoted to arable crops intended for human consumption, in the agricultural surface area used. PROTOCOL ON THE POSITION OF DENMARK The Foreign Affairs Council shall elaborate the Union's external action on the basis of strategic guidelines laid down by the European Council and ensure that the Union's action is consistent.4. Article II-78 The Council shall act in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article III-419. Until 1 January 1998, the following provisions shall apply: - Article III-333 Taking account of the structural economic and social situation of Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique, Réunion, the Azores, Madeira and the Canary Islands, which is compounded by their remoteness, insularity, small size, difficult topography and climate, economic dependence on a few products, the permanence and combination of which severely restrain their development, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European laws, framework laws, regulations and decisions aimed, in particular, at laying down the conditions of application of the Constitution to those regions, including common policies. The Council and the Commission, assisted by the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, shall ensure that consistency and shall cooperate to that effect. - (b) (d) The Union shall encourage cooperation between Member States in order to improve the effectiveness of systems for preventing and protecting against natural or man-made disasters. The Constitution shall in no way prejudice the rules in Member States governing the system of property ownership. It shall act by a unanimous decision of the members referred to in Article 1 and of the member representing the government of the Member State concerned. (EUR million, 1999 prices) Article III-192 (i)