3. Germany THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Für Seine Majestät den König der Belgier The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction to give judgment pursuant to any arbitration clause contained in a contract concluded by or on behalf of the Union, whether that contract be governed by public or private law. Considering, therefore, that nothing in Title X of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic shall preclude measures with this end in view; The Commission's report shall also take into account whether the government deficit exceeds government investment expenditure and take into account all other relevant factors, including the medium-term economic and budgetary position of the Member State. Slovakia (c) The acts of the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies adopted on the basis of the treaties and acts repealed by Article IV-437 shall remain in force. Transparency of the proceedings of Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies Due to expectations about falling electricity demand and industrial activity, the price for allowances in the EU Emission Trading System fell by 40% between mid-February and mid- March 2020. In the second subparagraph of Article 11(2), the term &#x2018; Community &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; Union &#x2019; ; the word &#x2018; determine &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; adopt a European decision which shall determine &#x2019; ; and the words &#x2018; preceding subparagraph &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; first subparagraph &#x2019; . Any Member State which, at a later stage, wishes to participate in the permanent structured cooperation shall notify its intention to the Council and to the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. Provisions on the implementation of the policy of industrialisation and economic development in Ireland (b) TITLE IV Subsection 6 RECALLING the decision of the Heads of State or Government, meeting within the European Council at Edinburgh on 12 December 1992, concerning certain problems raised by Denmark on the Treaty on European Union; Fish, crustaceans and molluscs (e) 7 (c) BEARING IN MIND that Article I-59 of the Constitution establishes a mechanism for the suspension of certain rights in the event of a serious and persistent breach by a Member State of those values; Article IV-441 joint measures to promote consumption of certain products. Article III-430 The measures and procedures referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall not constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction on the free movement of capital and payments as defined in Article III-156.4. Provisions on the economic and industrial development of Greece Explicit or implicit claims that a product can prevent or cure Covid-19 Article III-218 (c) THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Protocol amending the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community Protocol on the Acts and Treaties which have supplemented or amended the Treaty establishing the European Community and the Treaty on European Union no Member State shall be obliged to supply information the disclosure of which it considers contrary to the essential interests of its security; 18 64 The application of coercive measures shall be the exclusive responsibility of the competent national authorities. serve its interests, those of its citizens and those of the Member States, Czech Republic Article 198 of the EAEC Treaty shall be replaced by the following: 1. I think it is very relevant because it points out that we need to build a new partnership with Africa, where we leave this donor-recipient perspective. The other members of the Executive Board may participate, without having the right to vote, in meetings of the General Council.3. The right to asylum shall be guaranteed with due respect for the rules of the Geneva Convention of 28 July 1951 and the Protocol of 31 January 1967 relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the Constitution. Member States shall have a right of initiative in the field of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, in accordance with Article III-264. Sweeping claims such as: "lowest price on the market", "only product that can cure Covid-19 infection" etc. aid to make good the damage caused by natural disasters or exceptional occurrences; Freedom of expression and information British Antarctic Territory The Culture and Education Committee Chair called on the EU and member states to help education and creative sectors to mitigate the effects of containing COVID-19. Declaration on Article I-36 aid to promote culture and heritage conservation where such aid does not affect trading conditions and competition in the Union to an extent that is contrary to the common interest; An Agency in the field of defence capabilities development, research, acquisition and armaments (European Defence Agency) shall be established to identify operational requirements, to promote measures to satisfy those requirements, to contribute to identifying and, where appropriate, implementing any measure needed to strengthen the industrial and technological base of the defence sector, to participate in defining a European capabilities and armaments policy, and to assist the Council in evaluating the improvement of military capabilities. Article I-34 The Commission proposal was published on 13 March. 39. Article 2 Article I-24 Common provisions Live animals The United Kingdom and the Republic of Cyprus shall cooperate to ensure the effective implementation of this Title in the Sovereign Base Areas and, where appropriate, shall conclude further arrangements concerning the delegation of the implementation of any of the provisions referred to in Articles 43 to 46. 1. PART IV - GENERAL AND FINAL PROVISIONS that pay for work at time rates shall be the same for the same job. Article 40 Denmark shall not take part in the adoption by the Council of proposed measures pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution. Article III-328 TITLE III The shares in the aggregate gross domestic product at market prices and in the total aggregated balance sheet of the monetary financial institutions shall be assigned weights of 5/6 and 1/6, respectively. Article 21 Declaration on Article I-26 Member States shall endeavour to maintain the existing equivalence between paid holiday schemes. The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control is providing rapid risk assessments and epidemiological updates on the outbreak. (a) These criteria should be tailored to the specifics of each restrictive measure. The periods of three months and six weeks referred to in this Article shall be extended by a maximum of one month and two weeks respectively at the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council. ( It must therefore be respected, even where a right is restricted. impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of these objectives; The European Central Bank shall have the full right to hold and manage the foreign reserves that are transferred to it and to use them for the purposes set out in this Statute.2. The agent may be assisted by an adviser or by a lawyer. The committees of the European Parliament shall meet in Brussels. These agreements shall be concluded by the Council, acting unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. to hold and manage the official foreign reserves of the Member States; SECTION 4 To sklepno listino so kot drzave kandidatke za pristop k Evropski uniji in kot opazovalke Konference, podpisali tudi The names, grades and addresses of officials and other servants included in such categories shall be communicated periodically to the governments of the Member States. ) In the absence of an exchange-rate system in relation to one or more currencies of third States as referred to in paragraph 1, the Council, acting either on a recommendation from the European Central Bank or on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank, may formulate general orientations for exchange-rate policy in relation to these currencies. the detention of a minor by lawful order for the purpose of educational supervision or his lawful detention for the purpose of bringing him before the competent legal authority; The following shall be prohibited as incompatible with the internal market: all agreements between undertakings, decisions by associations of undertakings and concerted practices which may affect trade between Member States and which have as their object or effect the prevention, restriction or distortion of competition within the internal market, and in particular those which: Confinement measures must be lifted in a coordinated way Where the opinion of the Court of Justice is adverse, the agreement envisaged may not enter into force unless it is amended or the Constitution is revised. 5. In the event of serious economic difficulties and at the express request of the Member State concerned, the Commission shall act within five working days of the receipt of the request accompanied by the relevant background information. Commission proposed to direct EUR 37 billion under the cohesion policy to the fight against the Coronavirus crisis, by means of relinquishing this year its obligation to request the return of pre-financing for the structural funds. 2 Article 4