20 acquis 31. culture; Declaration on the ratification of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe MEPs called for a massive recovery and reconstruction package to be financed by an increased long-term budget for the EU, existing EU funds and financial instruments, as well as so-called recovery bonds. Article I-47 The funds will go to healthcare systems, small and medium-sized firms, labour markets and other vulnerable parts of EU countries' economies. (c) Barley continued, "This is important for reasons of accountability, transparency, democracy and trust in our governance structures. Their appointments shall be renewable. Save as otherwise provided for in this Protocol, no financial commitments shall be made under the Phare programme ( 22,90 The Bank shall seek to establish all appropriate contacts in the interests of cooperation with banking and financial institutions in the countries to which its operations extend. 19. 3. Functioning of the General Council In the German language version of new legal acts the specific Austrian terms referred to in the Annex to Protocol No 10 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden shall be added in appropriate form to the corresponding terms used in Germany. association agreements; 14 Dedicated mobile apps could play a key role in the fight against Covid-19 and the EU has been working with member states to develop effective solutions. The Court shall rule within one month from the date of the request. Decisions of the chambers consisting of either three or five Judges shall be valid only if they are taken by three Judges. George IACOVOU 7 TAKING INTO ACCOUNT the need of the Member States to ensure effective controls at their external borders, in cooperation with third countries where appropriate, The Council shall inform the European Parliament fully of the reasons which led it to adopt its position at first reading. Articles 10, 11 and 14 shall apply to the Registrar of the General Court The amounts referred to in Articles 18, 19, 23 and 24 shall be adjusted each year, as part of the technical adjustment provided for in paragraph 15 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999. 2. A target date shall be set for this merger, including assignation of responsibility for its implementation; No one shall be held guilty of any criminal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a criminal offence under national law or international law at the time when it was committed. measures concerning monitoring, early warning of and combating serious cross-border threats to health. With regard to the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, Guidance Section, and the European Social Fund, Articles III-231 and III-219(3) respectively shall apply. *** signature *** The Council, acting by a qualified majority, may adopt a European decision varying or revoking measures adopted under paragraph 3 in response to changes in the situation which led to their being imposed. In those sectors in which the Portuguese Republic places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in Member States and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. Article III-339 The Ignalina Programme shall be, for this purpose, seamlessly continued and extended beyond 2006. Check out the timeline of EU action against Covid-19 - It shall also be without prejudice to other provisions of the Constitution providing for administrative cooperation among the Member States and between them and the Union. - ). The Court of Justice of the European Union shall, within the limits hereinafter laid down, hear disputes concerning measures adopted by organs of a body incorporated under Union law. Advisory functions 15 989 719 500 The execution of such a task shall be governed by Article III-310.6. Given the vulnerability of healthcare systems in many developing countries, the coronavirus could have devastating effects, warn members of Parliament's development committee. Operations considered likely to occur by way of addition to fishing activities subject to the conditions and within the limits referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4 relate to: (b) Article 5 Celex Test If you cancel your trip on your own initiative, the refund depends on the type of ticket you purchased, as specified in the terms and conditions. The Council may attach specific conditions to such authorisation. In fulfilling its mandate, the Committee shall consult management and labour. SECTION 1 Covid-19: fundamental rights must be upheld, warn MEPs The agendas for and the outcome of meetings of the Council, including the minutes of meetings where the Council is deliberating on draft European legislative acts, shall be forwarded directly to national Parliaments, at the same time as to Member States' governments. Priority should be given to those measures set out in the provisions of Union law on railways and combined transport. TITLE I The European Commission In the longer term, the funds will support testing capacities and research. It seeks to establish clearly that the Charter applies primarily to the institutions and bodies of the Union, in compliance with the principle of subsidiarity. These arrangements shall ensure that the Union expresses a single position. ) to Protocol 6 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, ) The Judges shall elect the Presidents of the chambers from among their number. The special representative shall carry out his or her mandate under the Minister's authority. Without prejudice to the measures adopted by the Union to comply with its solidarity obligation towards a Member State which is the object of a terrorist attack or the victim of natural or man-made disaster, none of the provisions of Articles I-43 and III-329 of the Constitution is intended to affect the right of another Member State to choose the most appropriate means to comply with its own solidarity obligation towards that Member State. European harmonised standards for medical supplies (such as facemasks, protective clothing, respiratory protective devices) are made freely available to facilitate increased production. Cayman Islands In all the activities referred to in this Part, the Union shall aim to eliminate inequalities, and to promote equality, between women and men. Any citizen of the Union and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State has the right to petition the European Parliament. CHAPTER IV 3. In order to ensure closer coordination of economic policies and sustained convergence of the economic performances of the Member States, the Council, on the basis of reports submitted by the Commission, shall monitor economic developments in each of the Member States and in the Union, as well as the consistency of economic policies with the broad guidelines referred to in paragraph 2, and shall regularly carry out an overall assessment. 90 A party may not apply for a change in the composition of the Court of Justice or of one of its chambers on the grounds of either the nationality of a Judge or the absence from the Court or from the chamber of a Judge of the nationality of that party. Article 6 Supporting the tourism industry through the crisis In certain areas and under the conditions laid down in the Constitution, the Union shall have competence to carry out actions to support, coordinate or supplement the actions of the Member States, without thereby superseding their competence in these areas. They shall be exempt from search, requisition, confiscation or expropriation. Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 and 2, the United Kingdom may delegate to the competent authorities of the Republic of Cyprus, in accordance with arrangements made pursuant to the Treaty of Establishment, the performance of any functions imposed on a Member State by or under any provision referred to in Articles 43 to 46.4. promoting measures at international level to deal with regional or worldwide environmental problems. Exchange of banknotes in Member States' currencies Every child shall have the right to maintain on a regular basis a personal relationship and direct contact with both his or her parents, unless that is contrary to his or her interests. Protocol on the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality The categories of expenditure, limited in number, shall correspond to the Union's major sectors of activity.3. establishing in PHS a unified management structure enabling full realisation of synergies in the consolidation, Slovenia France has donated 1 million masks to Italy and Germany has delivered 7 tons of medical equipment to Italy, including ventilators and anaesthetic masks, helping save lives. Stresses that disinformation about COVID-19 at this time is a major public health problem; urges the EU to establish a European information source, in all the official languages, to ensure that all citizens have access to accurate and verified information; believes the ECDC should be in charge of coordinating and aligning Member States' data to improve quality and comparability; calls on social media companies to proactively take the necessary measures to stop disinformation and hate speech regarding COVID-19; To exercise the Union's competences the institutions shall use as legal instruments, in accordance with Part III, European laws, European framework laws, European regulations, European decisions, recommendations and opinions. Prime Minister If, after the consultation referred to in paragraph 2, the Commission considers Union action desirable, it shall consult management and labour on the content of the envisaged proposal. Explanation 3. Any measures adopted within the framework of the Constitution in respect of transport rates and conditions shall take account of the economic circumstances of carriers.