- Denmark shall undertake to supply the European Atomic Energy Community with any information complementary to the reports which it shall communicate, in particular during visits by European Atomic Energy Community personnel or personnel from the Member States to the Risö Centre, under conditions to be determined by mutual agreement in each case. improving preparedness and response to outbreaks by developing better monitoring systems to prevent and control the spread of the virus 1. The reference to eugenic practices, in particular those aiming at the selection of persons, relates to possible situations in which selection programmes are organised and implemented, involving campaigns for sterilisation, forced pregnancy, compulsory ethnic marriage among others, all acts deemed to be international crimes in the Statute of the International Criminal Court adopted in Rome on 17 July 1998 (see its Article 7(1)(g)). As soon as possible, and in any event before the expiry of the agreements referred to in the first subparagraph, appropriate European decisions for the continuation of fishing activities resulting from those agreements shall be adopted in each case by the Council on a proposal from the Commission, including the possibility of extending certain agreements for periods not exceeding one year. On Tuesday the agriculture committee will vote on transitional measures to support the agriculture sector through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the European Agricultural Guarantee Fund from 1 January 2021. 62,9 Article 61 The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall be one of the Vice-Presidents of the Commission. 1. Where does the money come from? The second group shall be composed of half of the total number of governors, with any fraction rounded up to the nearest integer, and shall be assigned eight voting rights. 11 "Today's decisions are but a first step", said Javier Moreno Sánchez (S&D, ES), stressing the need to also put forward measures such as an EU Marshall plan, funded by a new common European debt instrument, and a European unemployment fund, to help mitigate the economic and social consequences of the COVID-19 crisis. (d) The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall report to the Council on the implementation of this remit. This court order may order the payment of a security, intended to grant damages to the alleged infringer in case of injury caused by the &#x2018; distraint-description &#x2019; . (EUR million, 1999 prices) A six-week period shall elapse between a draft European legislative act being made available to national Parliaments in the official languages of the Union and the date when it is placed on a provisional agenda for the Council for its adoption or for adoption of a position under a legislative procedure. 3. With regard to point IX.2.x of Annex XV referred to in the first paragraph, the reference to the provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community, in particular to Articles 90 and 91 thereof, must be understood as referring to the provisions of the Constitution, in particular to Article III-170(1) and (2) thereof. The members shall perform their duties on a full-time basis. The Conference notes that Article I-6 reflects existing case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and of the Court of First Instance. The auditors shall have full power to examine all books and accounts of the European Central Bank and national central banks and obtain full information about their transactions.2. DESIRING to settle certain questions relating to the United Kingdom and Ireland; The Governing Council shall take the decisions referred to in Article 6. The European Commission has allocated €48.5 million tor 18 research projects within Horizon 2020 , the EU's framework programme for funding research. (b) SECTION 5 It shall also be open to them at any other time, subject to compliance with the acts already adopted within that framework, in addition to any such conditions. 1. promotion of cooperation in the field of the Union's research, technological development and demonstration with third countries and international organisations; During the crisis, the EU would provide financial assistance under the Sure programme in the form of loans granted on favourable terms to EU countries that request support. The Conference confirms that a rule-based system is the best guarantee for commitments to be enforced and for all Member States to be treated equally. ) In order to promote good governance and ensure the participation of civil society, the Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies shall conduct their work as openly as possible.2. The Commission, in cooperation with Member States, shall each year submit to the European Parliament and to the Council a report on the measures taken for the implementation of this Article. 35,63 to accept offers of employment actually made; ) (b) ) (c) The appeal shall be accompanied by a certified copy of the decision of the Arbitration Committee which is contested. No further State aid shall be granted by the Czech Republic for restructuring purposes to the Czech steel industry. Article III-325 Article III-392 (b) to examine, at least once a year, the situation regarding the movement of capital and the freedom of payments, as they result from the application of the Constitution and of Union acts; the examination shall cover all measures relating to capital movements and payments; the Committee shall report to the Commission and to the Council on the outcome of this examination. These improvements will also adapt provisions for outermost regions to deal with the crisis, as well as providing budgetary flexibility to help countries that have exhausted all allocated funding. They recognise it to be in their common interest that the objectives of this policy be attained. Following informal agreement with the Council, MEPs also approved changes that allow for aid to be delivered using new methods, such as through electronic or paper vouchers, to ensure the safety of everyone involved in the operations and to reach the most vulnerable and excluded. land use, with the exception of waste management; During the sessions of the European Parliament, its members shall enjoy: The Council shall adopt by a qualified majority, on a proposal from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, European decisions establishing: 40 for Huta Pokój, achieving international productivity standards in the subsidiaries, implementing energy consumption savings and cancelling the proposed investment in the processing and construction department; A European law or framework law of the Council shall determine the detailed arrangements for exercising the right, referred to in Article I-10(2)(b), for every citizen of the Union to vote and to stand as a candidate in municipal elections and elections to the European Parliament in his or her Member State of residence without being a national of that State. In cases where expenditure is not charged to the Union budget it shall be charged to the Member States in accordance with the gross national product scale, unless the Council decides otherwise. Similarly, the implementation of the policies listed in those Articles shall not affect the application of the procedures and the extent of the powers of the institutions laid down by the Constitution for the exercise of the Union competences under this Chapter. For the purposes of this Article, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. Subsection 4 the need to avoid serious disturbances in the economies of Member States and to ensure rational development of production and an expansion of consumption within the Union. 1. The President of the European Council: In the event of a tie, the President shall have the casting vote. Auditing Wolfgang SCHÜSSEL (h) CHAPTER I This Article shall not prejudice the trial and punishment of any person for any act or omission which, at the time when it was committed, was criminal according to the general principles recognised by the community of nations.3. Articles III-201 and III-202 of the Constitution shall continue to apply to the United Kingdom. It shall not constitute a barrier to or discrimination in trade between Member States, nor shall it distort competition between them. 3. The property of the Bank shall be exempt from all forms of requisition or expropriation. It may also meet on its own initiative. Protocol on Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland Article III-238 Where the Annexes referred to in Article 73 of this Protocol provide that the Council or the Commission shall adopt legal acts, those acts shall take the form of European regulations or decisions. Only benefiting companies shall be eligible for State aid in the framework of the Polish steel restructuring programme. Considers that the transport and tourism sectors have been severely affected and calls for action to ensure the health, safety and working conditions of transport workers and that transport companies can survive the crisis; suggests that a prevention and management mechanism be developed for the tourism sector at EU level to protect our workers, help our companies and ensure passenger safety; Article 28 Furthermore, in accordance with the principles established by the Board of Governors pursuant to Article 7(3)(b), and where the implementation of projects provided for in Article III-394 of the Constitution so requires, the Board of Directors shall, acting by a qualified majority, lay down the terms and conditions of any financing operation presenting a specific risk profile and thus considered to be a special activity. The General Secretariat of the European Parliament and its departments shall remain in Luxembourg.2. Article 54 SECTION 5 In this context, the Conference confirms the attachment of the Union to the cultural diversity of Europe and the special attention it will continue to pay to these and other languages. 20. - France A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. CHAPTER VII (a) 5. EU institutions have repeatedly warned of the risks linked to disinformation attempts and scams. of the Community and of the Union existing at the time of the entry into force of this Treaty, in particular the interinstitutional agreements, decisions and agreements arrived at by the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Council, the agreements concluded by the Member States on the functioning of the Union or of the Community or linked to action by the Union or by the Community, the declarations, including those made in the context of intergovernmental conferences, as well as the resolutions or other positions adopted by the European Council or the Council and those relating to the Union or to the Community adopted by common accord by the Member States, shall also be preserved until they have been deleted or amended. 2. PROTOCOL ON EXTERNAL RELATIONS OF THE MEMBER STATES WITH REGARD TO THE CROSSING OF EXTERNAL BORDERS the results of the aid granted under such authorisations.