The Commission and the Court of Auditors may also carry out on-the-spot checks in accordance with the appropriate procedures.5. - EU countries will be able to provide support to: 42. the right of every person to have access to his or her file, while respecting the legitimate interests of confidentiality and of professional and business secrecy; The Union respects and does not prejudice the status under national law of churches and religious associations or communities in the Member States.2. Although they do not as such have the status of law, they are a valuable tool of interpretation intended to clarify the provisions of the Charter. Effective implementation of Union law by the Member States, which is essential for the proper functioning of the Union, shall be regarded as a matter of common interest.2. The Commission shall include a separate chapter on social developments within the Union in its annual report to the European Parliament. Union No one shall be condemned to the death penalty, or executed. When such revision is made, however, equivalent preferences shall in any case be maintained in favour of the Netherlands Antilles in a suitable form and for a minimum quantity of 2 1/2 million tonnes of petroleum products.3. (c) Every worker has the right to working conditions which respect his or her health, safety and dignity. Annexes to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe When the quantities of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles imported either directly or through another Member State, under the system provided for in Article 2, into a Member State or States exceed during a calendar year the tonnage shown in the Annex to this Protocol, the measures taken in pursuance of paragraph 1 by that or those Member States for the current year shall be considered to be justified. Minister for Foreign Affairs For this purpose the European Investment Bank shall, operating on a non-profit-making basis, in particular grant loans and give guarantees which facilitate the financing of the following projects in all sectors of the economy: Greece Celex Test Declaration on Article III-296 Articles 3 and 4 shall be without prejudice to the Protocol on the Schengen acquis integrated into the framework of the European Union. European laws or framework laws may lay down appropriate measures for sea and air transport. (b) Indulis EMSIS 1. TITLE IV 2. Denmark the lawful arrest or detention of a person to prevent his effecting an unauthorised entry into the country or of a person against whom action is being taken with a view to deportation or extradition. 1. 11 Quantitative restrictions on imports and exports and all measures having equivalent effect shall be prohibited between Member States. In that case, the procedure provided for in Article III-420(1) of the Constitution shall apply mutatis mutandis. 50 % of the share of its respective Member State in the population of the Union in the penultimate year preceding the establishment of the European System of Central Banks; 27 Social security and social assistance Right of access to documents A European law of the Council shall lay down implementing measures of the Union's own resources system insofar as this is provided for in the European law adopted on the basis of paragraph 3. Further provisions relating to the implementation of the procedure laid down in this Article are set out in the Protocol on the excessive deficit procedure. A benefiting company may not: Fundamental principles Europe day shall be celebrated on 9 May throughout the Union. 2. The Council shall adopt a European decision on this request. The Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament. OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. the checks to which persons crossing external borders are subject; EU research funds to fight the coronavirus This Article shall also apply to members of the advisory bodies of the Union. The following may be considered to be compatible with the internal market: In the specific cases provided for in the Constitution, European laws and framework laws shall be adopted by the European Parliament with the participation of the Council, or by the latter with the participation of the European Parliament, in accordance with special legislative procedures.3. The Court of Justice shall have jurisdiction in any dispute between Member States which relates to the subject-matter of the Constitution if the dispute is submitted to it under a special agreement between the parties. Article 1 8. Article 5 to have the free assistance of an interpreter if he cannot understand or speak the language used in court. &#x2019; 1. ex 13 03 Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. The first subparagraph shall be without prejudice to Member States' competence to negotiate in international bodies and to conclude international agreements. Restructuring of the Polish steel sector, as described in the individual business plans of the companies listed in Annex 1 to Protocol 8 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; benefiting companies &#x2019; ), and in line with the conditions set out in this Title, shall be completed no later than 31 December 2006 (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; the end of the restructuring period &#x2019; ).3. CHAPTER II (o) In the fifth indent of Article 7(1), the term &#x2018; Court of Auditors of the European Communities &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; Court of Auditors &#x2019; . - (b) Every three years there shall be a partial replacement of the Judges and Advocates-General, in accordance with the conditions laid down in the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union. 5. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of these other Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. The application shall contain the applicant's name and permanent address and the description of the signatory, the name of the party or names of the parties against whom the application is made, the subject matter of the dispute, the form of order sought and a brief statement of the pleas in law on which the application is based. Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market. limiting production, markets or technical development to the prejudice of consumers; Article 16 acquis 4. It also busts the most common myths related to the Covid-19 outbreak. Article 19 Article III-276 6. 25 Where an appeal is brought against a decision of the General Court, the procedure before the Court of Justice shall consist of a written part and an oral part. Article I-37 The quantitative restrictions applied by the Union on imports of textile and clothing products shall be adjusted to take account of the accession of the new Member States. 1. CONVINCED that, while remaining proud of their own national identities and history, the peoples of Europe are determined to transcend their former divisions and, united ever more closely, to forge a common destiny, Minister for Foreign Affairs 1. Article II-67 A European law or framework law of the Council shall lay down the conditions and limitations under which the competent authorities of the Member States referred to in Articles III-270 and III-275 may operate in the territory of another Member State in liaison and in agreement with the authorities of that State. A director may be compulsorily retired by the Board of Governors only if he no longer fulfils the conditions required for the performance of his duties; the Board must act by a qualified majority. Young people admitted to work must have working conditions appropriate to their age and be protected against economic exploitation and any work likely to harm their safety, health or physical, mental, moral or social development or to interfere with their education. Any Member State, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, or that Minister with the Commission's support, may refer any question relating to the common foreign and security policy to the Council and may submit to it initiatives or proposals as appropriate.2. Portugal In this Section, Channel Islander or Manxman shall mean any British citizen who holds that citizenship by virtue of the fact that he, a parent or grandparent was born, adopted, naturalised or registered in the island in question; but such a person shall not for this purpose be regarded as a Channel Islander or Manxman if he, a parent or a grandparent was born, adopted, naturalised or registered in the United Kingdom. They shall serve to strengthen cooperation between Member States and not to harmonise national systems. Currently covers 33 countries (all 27 EU countries, plus UK, Turkey, North Macedonia, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) and is open to partner countries across the world. (b) 1.