29,5 WHEREAS this Protocol respects the finality and the objectives of the Geneva Convention of 28 July 1951 relating to the status of refugees, Representatives of Member States taking part in the work of the institutions of the Union, their advisers and technical experts shall, in the performance of their duties and during their travel to and from the place of meeting, enjoy the customary privileges, immunities and facilities. Until entry into force of the European decision referred to in Article III-389 of the Constitution, the allocation of members of the Economic and Social Committee shall be as follows: In any case, that State shall continue to be bound by its obligations under the Constitution. HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS, The Commission also proposed that EU countries with remaining rural development funds can use this money to provide support to farmers and small agri-food businesses this year. The Board of Governors shall lay down what activities are incompatible with the duties of a director or an alternate. EU-countries have speedy access to the first ever RescEU stockpile of medical equipment , such as ventilators and protective masks, under the Civil Protection Mechanism. this Treaty shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man only to the extent necessary to ensure the implementation of the arrangements for those islands originally set out in the Treaty referred to in Article IV-437(2)(a), and which have been incorporated in Section 3 of Title II of the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. Reference should be made to the Protocols relating to the United Kingdom and Ireland annexed to the [Treaty of Amsterdam] Constitution and to Denmark to determine the extent to which those Member States implement Union law in this area and the extent to which this Article is applicable to them. Protecting artists who may not qualify for national support schemes through the Creative Europe programme to be informed promptly, in a language which he understands and in detail, of the nature and cause of the accusation against him; 24 6. 1. Capacity reduction shall be measured only on the basis of permanent closure of production facilities by physical destruction such that the facilities cannot be restored to service. The Board of Governors may, acting unanimously, decide to increase the subscribed capital.4. 1. Parliament's civil rights committee will draft an interim report about the determination of a clear risk of a serious breach by Poland of the rule of law by mid-July. Without prejudice to Article III-164, the Commission shall ensure the application of the principles set out in Articles III-161 and III-162. In such a case the other Member States shall abstain from formally placing the matter before the Council. Accordingly, any application for asylum made by a national of a Member State may be taken into consideration or declared admissible for processing by another Member State only in the following cases: 14. The European Parliament may, by a majority of its component Members, request the Commission to submit any appropriate proposal on matters on which it considers that a Union act is required for the purpose of implementing the Constitution. The business plan for the benefiting company Vítkovice Steel shall be implemented. (d) 24 Article 8 SECTION 3 - Article 2 Continuity in administrative and legal procedures commenced prior to the date of entry into force of this Treaty shall be ensured in compliance with the Constitution. Article 58 apply dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties, thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage; Article I-40 Its Rules of Procedure shall determine the quorum. The European Parliament shall be regularly consulted on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy. (f) Each member of the Executive Board present in person shall have the right to vote and shall have, for that purpose, one vote. The Member States will take all necessary measures to raise the growth potential of their economies. (c) It shall take account in particular of the need to link island, landlocked and peripheral regions with the central regions of the Union. The freedom to found educational establishments with due respect for democratic principles and the right of parents to ensure the education and teaching of their children in conformity with their religious, philosophical and pedagogical convictions shall be respected, in accordance with the national laws governing the exercise of such freedom and right. Before making such a determination, the Council shall hear the Member State in question and, acting in accordance with the same procedure, may address recommendations to that State. Among other issues, they stressed the need for establishing common rules on entering the Schengen area. &#x2018; Deprivation of life shall not be regarded as inflicted in contravention of this article when it results from the use of force which is no more than absolutely necessary: Provisions on the Sami people PHS reviewing, on the basis of sound economic considerations, the strategy of spin-off companies and, where appropriate, reintegrating services into the parent company, 1. COVID-19: MEPs free up over €3 billion to support EU healthcare sector (e) To the extent that agreements between one or more of the new Member States on the one hand, and one or more third countries on the other, are not compatible with the obligations arising from the Constitution and in particular from this Protocol, the new Member States shall take all appropriate steps to eliminate the incompatibilities established. 11. 1. the expression &#x2018; present Member States &#x2019; means the following Member States: the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Republic of Austria, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 2,36 3 740 283 000 That agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with Article III-325(3). 59 (i) (b) A European law of the Council shall lay down the provisions relating to the system of own resources of the Union. 3. Article III-354 A. ARE OF THE OPINION that the institutions of the Community should, in applying this Treaty, take account of the sustained effort to be made by the Italian economy in the coming years and of the desirability of avoiding dangerous stresses in particular within the balance of payments or the level of employment, which might jeopardise the application of this Treaty in Italy; Call for EU Coronavirus Solidarity Fund of at least EUR 50 billion Acts adopted pursuant to paragraph 3 shall not prevent any Member State from maintaining or introducing more stringent protective provisions. Securing the availability of personal protective equipment 1. (c) THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Lithuania 3. Unless the Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament, decides otherwise, the transitional period shall be extended to 1 January 2001, during which the provisions of paragraph 3 shall apply.5. If the quorum is not met, the President may convene an extraordinary meeting at which decisions may be taken without regard to the quorum. of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic, , in which the United Kingdom and Ireland participate, contains the following wording in Article 27(1) which refers to illegal immigration networks: &#x2018; The Contracting Parties undertake to impose appropriate penalties on any person who, for financial gain, assists or tries to assist an alien to enter or reside within the territory of one of the Contracting Parties in breach of that Contracting Party's laws on the entry and residence of aliens. &#x2019; On 19 July 2002, the Council adopted a framework decision on combating trafficking in human beings (OJ L 203/1) whose Article 1 defines in detail the offences concerning trafficking in human beings for the purposes of labour exploitation or sexual exploitation, which the Member States must make punishable by virtue of that framework decision. Measures taken to limit the spread of the coronavirus pandemic, such as the closure of restaurants, open-air markets and limits on travel and tourism have had a strong impact on the food supply chain. The slot allocation rules always concern the next corresponding season. 68 The European Parliament shall adopt its position at first reading and communicate it to the Council.4. (c) The objection shall not have the effect of staying enforcement of the judgment by default unless the Court of Justice decides otherwise. Article 14 The alternate directors shall be appointed by the Board of Governors for five years as shown below: 1. If the meaning or scope of a judgment is in doubt, the Court of Justice shall construe it on application by any party or any institution of the Union establishing an interest therein. *** signature *** 1. 7 387 065 000 11,35 EN FOI DE QUOI, les plénipotentiaires soussignés ont apposé leur signature au bas du présent traité The Union's institutions 2. In this context, harmonisation measures answering environmental protection requirements shall include, where appropriate, a safeguard clause allowing Member States to take provisional steps, for non-economic environmental reasons, subject to a procedure of inspection by the Union. Within the framework of this Section, restrictions both on the movement of capital and on payments between Member States and between Member States and third countries shall be prohibited. - The Commission shall submit a proposal to the European Parliament and the Council.