Celex Test (a) EU institutions are supporting solidarity measures in member states As from 1 May 2004, the new Member States shall apply the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements concluded by the Community with third countries. The Commission shall examine this request and submit its conclusions to the Council without delay. It shall specify the amount of the lump sum or penalty payment to be paid by the Member State concerned which it considers appropriate in the circumstances. The Union must respect it in the context of policies based on Article III-210 of the Constitution. Article 19 The Council shall act unanimously after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. The implementation of expenditure shown in the budget shall require the prior adoption of a legally binding Union act providing a legal basis for its action and for the implementation of the corresponding expenditure in accordance with the European law referred to in Article III-412, except in cases for which that law provides.5. Within this framework, the Conference also reaffirms its commitment to the goals of the Lisbon Strategy: job creation, structural reforms, and social cohesion. Cannabis sativa &#x2018; No person shall be denied the right to education. When the Commission brings a case before the Court of Justice of the European Union pursuant to Article III-360 on the grounds that the Member State concerned has failed to fulfil its obligation to notify measures transposing a European framework law, it may, when it deems appropriate, specify the amount of the lump sum or penalty payment to be paid by the Member State concerned which it considers appropriate in the circumstances. No administrative or other restriction shall be imposed on the free movement of members of the European Parliament travelling to or from the place of meeting of the European Parliament. OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS GOVERNING THE INTERPRETATION AND APPLICATION OF THE CHARTER description: Supporting public health sectors and ensuring the availability of medical equipment The Union shall recognise the rights, freedoms and principles set out in the Charter of Fundamental Rights which constitutes Part II.2. 1. III. Part Three, Title III The members of the Commission shall be chosen on the ground of their general competence and European commitment from persons whose independence is beyond doubt.5. The provisions of this Section shall apply in the light of the Declaration on the Sami people, which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 3 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. (a) 1. (d) Declaration on Articles III-136 and III-267 ), the Phare cross-border cooperation programme ( PROTOCOL ON CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND AS REGARDS ECONOMIC AND MONETARY UNION Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and his correspondence. 2. b) II. Article 7 Although in many cases MEPs will be participating remotely, committees are continuing their work. I think everybody kind of understands that we are in this together. When the Union has defined a position on a subject which is on the United Nations Security Council agenda, those Member States which sit on the Security Council shall request that the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs be asked to present the Union's position. 4. 2004 Article III-355 by adopting European laws and framework laws intended, where necessary, to approximate laws and regulations of the Member States in the areas referred to in Part III; Declaration on Article III-273(1), second subparagraph This fund would support the financial efforts undertaken by the healthcare sectors in all member states during the current crisis, as well as future investments in order to make healthcare systems more resilient and focused on those most in need. The measures referred to in the first subparagraph shall ensure that the factual situation for the present Member States resulting from the application of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3637/92 and of the Administrative Arrangement, signed on 23 December 1992, setting the date of entry into force and the procedures for the introduction of the ecopoints system referred to in the Transit Agreement, is maintained. Article II-74 ( THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Article 8 1. Travel restrictions related to the coronavirus pandemic have decimated the tourism industry, a major player in the EU economy. The following amounts shall be made available under the Schengen Facility in the form of lump-sum grant payments as of 1 May 2004 to the beneficiary Member States listed below: EU It shall act without taking into account the vote of the member of the Council representing the Member State concerned. The Union shall be open to all European States which respect the values referred to in Article I-2, and are committed to promoting them together.2. The European Investment Bank shall in addition be exempt from any form of taxation or imposition of a like nature on the occasion of any increase in its capital and from the various formalities which may be connected therewith in the State where the Bank has its seat. TOTAL Article 24 88 Article III-391 1. 2. Providing medical equipment 5. TITLE II In the case of the medical and allied and pharmaceutical professions, the progressive abolition of restrictions shall be dependent upon coordination of the conditions for the exercise of such professions in the various Member States. Article 35 internal market, including customs union; A more flexible and simplified European agriculture fund for rural development will allow for loans or guarantees at favourable conditions such as very low interest rates or favourable payment schedules to cover operational costs of up to €200,000. The European Council shall act unanimously after consulting the Commission. The acceding States referred to in Article 1 shall be required to accede to the following agreements or conventions concluded before their respective accessions, insofar as such agreements or conventions are still in force: (a) the obligation of the administration to give reasons for its decisions. These countries and territories, hereinafter called the &#x2018; countries and territories &#x2019; , are listed in Annex II. The Assistance or parts thereof may be made available as a Union contribution to the Bohunice International Decommissioning Support Fund, managed by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 1. Explanation (b) If the Board of Governors decides to suspend the operations of the Bank, all its activities shall cease forthwith, except those required to ensure the due realisation, protection and preservation of its assets and the settlement of its liabilities.2. (b) The last programming exercise for the pre-accession assistance referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place in the last full calendar year preceding 1 May 2004. The appeal shall contain the name and permanent address of the applicant and the description of the signatory, a reference to the decision against which the appeal is brought, the names of the respondents, the subject matter of the dispute, the submissions and a brief statement of the grounds on which the appeal is based. the elimination of obstacles to the proper functioning of civil proceedings, if necessary by promoting the compatibility of the rules on civil procedure applicable in the Member States; Minister for Foreign Affairs The provisions of this Treaty shall apply to the Åland Islands with the derogations which were originally set out in the Treaty referred to in Article IV-437(2)(d) of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and which have been incorporated in the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. 24 Every citizen of the Union has the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States.2. During the period 2004-2006, the Union shall provide Slovakia with financial assistance in support of its efforts to decommission, and to address the consequences of the closure and decommissioning of, Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Bohunice V1 nuclear power plant (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; the Assistance &#x2019; ).2. B'XIEHDA TA' DAN, il-plenipotenzjarji sottoskritti ffirmaw dan it-Trattat This provision shall also apply to a spouse, to the extent that the latter is not separately engaged in a gainful occupation, and to children dependent on and in the care of the persons referred to in this Article. Under the principle of proportionality, the content and form of Union action shall not exceed what is necessary to achieve the objectives of the Constitution. Article 12 (c) Recognising therefore the need to apply certain provisions of the Constitution and acts of the Union to the Sovereign Base Areas and to make special arrangements regarding the implementation of these provisions in the Sovereign Base Areas; Except where otherwise provided for in this Title, the Union shall apply in its trade with Ceuta and Melilla, for products falling within Annex I to the Constitution, the general arrangements which it applies in its foreign trade. Pour le Président de la République française This procedure shall be without prejudice to Article III-361. RECALLING that the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the election of representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage is to remain in force, Article III-393