determine the structural measures which may be adopted in favour of Ceuta and Melilla; 1. EU countries co-finance at least 15% of the costs of their programmes If, after the start of the third stage, the Governing Council decides that the application of Article 32 results in significant changes in national central banks' relative income positions, the amount of income to be allocated pursuant to Article 32 shall be reduced by a uniform percentage which shall not exceed 60 % in the first financial year after the start of the third stage and which shall decrease by at least 12 percentage points in each subsequent financial year.2. ( No one shall be held guilty of any criminal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a criminal offence under national law or international law at the time when it was committed. Showing strong support for EU measures to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic, MEPs spoke up for strong EU solidarity to help citizens in Thursday's plenary debate. The Judges shall elect the Presidents of the chambers from among their number. Article II-89 No derogation from this Article shall be made under Article 15 of the Convention. &#x2019; ) corresponds to Article 9 of the ECHR Article III-369 (b) Article 3 one alternate nominated by common accord between the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden, 2. agreements covering fields to which either the ordinary legislative procedure applies, or the special legislative procedure where consent by the European Parliament is required. 1. 8. SECTION 4 3 The European Parliament PART III - THE POLICIES AND FUNCTIONING OF THE UNION 14 Article II-108 common safety concerns in public health matters, for the aspects defined in Part III. 3. 1503 Freedom to conduct a business This paragraph shall not apply to decisions with military implications or those in the area of defence. Arna dhéanamh sa Róimh, an naoú lá fichead de Dheireadh Fómhair sa bhliain dhá mhíle is a ceathair THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, (d) (c) RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT AND SPACE Members of the European Parliament also called for solidarity among Member States. (d) (b) Article 40 &#x2018; CHAPTER I To this end, the Commission shall act in close contact with Member States by making studies, delivering opinions and arranging consultations both on problems arising at national level and on those of concern to international organisations, in particular initiatives aiming at the establishment of guidelines and indicators, the organisation of exchange of best practice, and the preparation of the necessary elements for periodic monitoring and evaluation. OJ L 73, 27.3.1972, p. OJ L 291, 19.11.1979, p. Slovakia The right to vote shall be exercised in person. While Sure is a temporary instrument designed specifically to tackle the consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, the European Commission is also working on a new proposal for a European Unemployment Reinsurance Scheme to support employment and protect workers who lose their jobs due to economic shocks. Recalls that this crisis is no one's doing and that it should not be everyone's undoing; expresses its firm intention to do whatever it takes for the Union and its citizens to come out of the crisis and calls on all EU Institutions and Member States to make an immediate use of all relevant Treaty provisions and to act accordingly in the spirit of solidarity; The members of the Council shall lend him or her their assistance. TITLE V The capital of the European Central Bank, shall be 5 000 million euro. CHAPTER 22 28. recommendations and opinions. They will also free unused agriculture-related rural development funding to fight COVID-19. 33. 1. The European Union established by this Treaty shall be the successor to the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union and to the European Community.2. (a) Protecting artists who may not qualify for national support schemes through the Creative Europe programme 4. Such measures must be compatible with the Constitution. CHAPTER 17 The directors shall be appointed by the Board of Governors for five years, one nominated by each Member State. 1801 ) concerning limitations. (a) The free movement of persons, services, goods and capital, and freedom of establishment shall be guaranteed within and by the Union, in accordance with the Constitution.2. (b) The Covid-19-crisis has made getting aid to the most vulnerable members of our societies more challenging. The Union shall contribute to a high level of employment by encouraging cooperation between Member States and by supporting and, if necessary, complementing their action. HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: The Court of Auditors the loading or transhipment aboard a vessel flying the flag of a Member State occurring within the framework of activities provided for under such a fisheries agreement, of fishery products falling within Chapter 3 of the Common Customs Tariff with a view to their transport and any processing for the purpose of being put on the Union market. The President, the Vice-President and the other members of the Executive Board shall be appointed by the European Council, acting by a qualified majority, from among persons of recognised standing and professional experience in monetary or banking matters, on a recommendation from the Council and after consulting the European Parliament and the Governing Council of the European Central Bank. The Commission shall be fully associated with the negotiations.4. (a) Member States and institutions of the Union may intervene in cases before the Court of Justice. 1. It shall act after consulting the European Central Bank. Czech Republic *** signature *** The Union shall be open to all European States which respect its values and are committed to promoting them together. Article III-425 The members of the Court of Auditors shall be chosen from among persons who belong or have belonged in their respective States to external audit bodies or who are especially qualified for this office. A Member State which decides to withdraw shall notify the European Council of its intention. Commission proposal to stop so-called ghost flights caused by COVID-19 outbreak will be treated with highest priority in Parliament (c) Article III-368 If transitional measures are necessary to facilitate the transition from the existing regime in the new Member States to that resulting from the application of the Union veterinary and phytosanitary rules, such measures shall be adopted by the Commission in accordance with the relevant procedure as determined in the applicable legislation. (c) The President of the Council shall inform the European Parliament of that decision.4. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Constitution, Denmark may maintain the existing legislation on the acquisition of second homes. Finland 2. In the second indent of Article 7(1), the term &#x2018; Commission of the European Communities &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; European Commission &#x2019; . (ii) 1 The European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, and, where appropriate, the group of Member States, the Court of Justice, the European Central Bank or the European Investment Bank, if the draft legislative act originates from them, shall take account of the reasoned opinions issued by national Parliaments or by a chamber of a national Parliament. The European Regional Development Fund is intended to help to redress the main regional imbalances in the Union through participation in the development and structural adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind and in the conversion of declining industrial regions. The Union shall assist Lithuania in implementing the rules and arrangements for the transit of persons between the region of Kaliningrad and the other parts of the Russian Federation with a view to Lithuania's full participation in the Schengen area as soon as possible.