Article 1 (b) 28. the expressions &#x2018; Treaty establishing the European Community &#x2019; (EC Treaty) and &#x2018; Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community &#x2019; (EAEC Treaty) mean those Treaties as supplemented or amended by treaties or other acts which entered into force before 1 May 2004; WISHING therefore to establish a legal framework that will provide an option for Denmark to participate in the adoption of measures proposed on the basis of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution and welcoming the intention of Denmark to avail itself of this option when possible in accordance with its constitutional requirements; 1. Just as we respect social distancing and wash our hands, we have the duty to stop the spread of fake advice and manipulative stories. (d) 15 Fundamental rights Article 286 of the EC Treaty is now replaced by Article I-51 of the Constitution. The Rules shall be subject to the consent of the Council. Where uniform conditions for implementing legally binding Union acts are needed, those acts shall confer implementing powers on the Commission, or, in duly justified specific cases and in the cases provided for in Article I-40, on the Council.3. In the specific cases provided for in the Constitution, European laws and framework laws may be adopted at the initiative of a group of Member States or of the European Parliament, on a recommendation from the European Central Bank or at the request of the Court of Justice or the European Investment Bank. The Council, acting by a qualified majority, shall adopt a European decision defining the Agency's statute, seat and operational rules. (a) Article 42 Immunity cannot be claimed when a member is found in the act of committing an offence and shall not prevent the European Parliament from exercising its right to waive the immunity of one of its members. Article 22 Article 23 EU funding for Covid-19 research When considering draft legislative acts, the European Parliament and the Council shall refrain from adopting acts not provided for by the relevant legislative procedure in the area in question. 5 1. PROTOCOL ON THE FINANCIAL CONSEQUENCES OF THE EXPIRY OF THE TREATY ESTABLISHING THE EUROPEAN COAL AND STEEL COMMUNITY AND ON THE RESEARCH FUND FOR COAL AND STEEL Celex Test TITLE VIII The Commission and the other Member States shall be informed of the protective measures referred to in paragraph 1 not later than when they enter into force. National Parliaments shall ensure that the proposals and legislative initiatives submitted under Sections 4 and 5 of this Chapter comply with the principle of subsidiarity, in accordance with the arrangements laid down by the Protocol on the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality. The minimum age of admission to employment may not be lower than the minimum school-leaving age, without prejudice to such rules as may be more favourable to young people and except for limited derogations. SECTION 5 The European laws and framework laws adopted pursuant to this Article: facilitate adaptation to industrial change, in particular through vocational training and retraining; However, it shall act unanimously when the agreement covers a field for which unanimity is required for the adoption of a Union act as well as for association agreements and the agreements referred to in Article III-319 with the States which are candidates for accession. Any national Parliament or any chamber of a national Parliament may, within six weeks from the date of transmission of a draft European legislative act, send to the Presidents of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission a reasoned opinion stating why it considers that the draft in question does not comply with the principle of subsidiarity. Annex I - List referred to in Article III-226 of the Constitution 0,1223 % PROTOCOL ON THE EXCESSIVE DEFICIT PROCEDURE Slovakia has undertaken to close Unit 1 of the Bohunice V1 nuclear power plant by 31 December 2006 at the latest and Unit 2 of this plant by 31 December 2008 at the latest and subsequently decommission these units. The European Parliament shall be informed. In the civil liberties committee meeting held on 7 May , members will exchange views with the European Data Protection Supervisor and the European Data Protection Board on the use of personal data in the fight against Covid-19. The Commission shall take part in the meetings. The aim is to improve diagnostics, preparedness, clinical management and treatment. HAVE AGREED upon the following provision, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: The severity of penalties must not be disproportionate to the criminal offence. Declaration by the Kingdom of the Netherlands on Article I-55 (d) Article I-38 The Rules of Procedure of the Bank shall lay down how many members of the Board of Directors constitute the quorum needed for the adoption of decisions. Officials and other servants of the Union shall be liable to a tax, for the benefit of the Union, on salaries, wages and emoluments paid to them by the Union, in accordance with the conditions and procedure laid down by a European law. 7 The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction in disputes relating to compensation for damage provided for in the second and third paragraphs of Article III-431. strengthen the coordination of the monetary policies of the Member States, with the aim of ensuring price stability; *** signature *** The same shall apply to the common security and defence policy.3. interest received on loans granted by the Bank out of sums to be paid up by the Member States pursuant to Article 5; The decision shall then be notified by the Registrar of the Court of Justice to the parties, to the Member States and to the Commission, and to the institution, body, office or agency which adopted the act the validity or interpretation of which is in dispute. The total aggregated balance sheet of the monetary financial institutions shall be calculated in accordance with the statistical framework applying in the Union at the time of the calculation; Articles III-139 to III-142 shall apply to the matters covered by this Subsection. These amounts may be offset against the national central banks' monetary income. Temporarily suspend current EU rules that oblige airlines to operate most of their take-off and landing slots, if they do not want to lose them next year Everyone has the right of access to preventive health care and the right to benefit from medical treatment under the conditions established by national laws and practices. In that case, where the procedure referred to in Article III-396 is applicable, it shall be suspended. The right of collective action was recognised by the European Court of Human Rights as one of the elements of trade union rights laid down by Article 11 of the ECHR. The Commission also supported the launch of a new platform - Creatives Unite - a space for the cultural and creative sector to share information about initiatives responding to the coronavirus crisis. If the Court annuls the decision of the Arbitration Committee, the matter may be reopened, where appropriate, on the initiative of one of the parties in the case, before the Arbitration Committee. Denmark shall decide within a period of six months after the adoption of a measure to build upon the Schengen acquis covered by Part I whether it will implement this measure in its national law. Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, Denmark shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community by the holders of such licences. Article I-59 The Bank may borrow on the capital markets of the Member States in accordance with the legal provisions applying to those markets. TITLE II In those sectors in which the Hellenic Republic places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in Member States of the Community and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. The symbols of the Union Shínigh na breathnóirí seo a leanas ag an gComhdháil an Ionstraim Chríochnaítheach seo freisin ina gcáil mar Stáit iarrthacha don Aontas Eorpach: The European Parliament shall act on its own initiative after seeking an opinion from the Commission and after obtaining the consent of the Council. for Huta Andrzej, securing a stable financial base for its development by negotiating an agreement between the company's current lenders, long-term creditors, trade creditors and financial institutions. (f) 1. Article III-402(4) of the Constitution provides that where no European law of the Council establishing a new financial framework has been adopted by the end of the previous financial framework, the ceilings and other provisions corresponding to the last year of that framework shall be extended until such time as that law is adopted. This Article corresponds to Article 17 of the ECHR: Article III-412 Article III-295 The adopted measures will enter into force once approved by the Council. 50 (c) Hon Jack STRAW Calls for a coordinated post-lockdown approach in the EU, in order to avoid a resurgence of the virus; urges the Member States to jointly develop criteria for lifting the quarantine and other emergency measures on the basis of the preservation of human life; calls on the Commission to launch an effective exit strategy that includes large-scale testing, and PPE for the largest possible number of citizens; encourages the Member States to develop more systematic testing on infection and exposure to the virus and to share best practices; Share this page on Twitter Article I-35 There shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security, public safety or the economic well-being of the country, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of health or morals, or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others. &#x2019; 1. Whenever necessary, the Union acts adopted pursuant to this Section shall contain appropriate measures to give effect to this principle. The Commission shall state what measures it recommends the Member State concerned to adopt. inter alia The reference to appropriate levels refers to the levels laid down by Union law or by national laws and practices, which might include the European level when Union legislation so provides. Celex Test Although the EU is the safest place for journalists, Reporters Without Borders warns that there have been cases of harassment and threats to journalists. 1. Czech Republic I will try to touch on as many questions as possible.