Article III-382 With millions of people forced to stay at home, the EU has asked Netflix, Facebook and YouTube to reduce streaming quality to avoid overloading the web. French Southern and Antarctic Territories Article III-320 the Vysoké Pece Ostrava (VPO) plant shall be brought into the organisational framework of Nová Hut by acquisition of full ownership. Enhanced cooperation 3. (a) Pelo Presidente da República Portuguesa For example, food aid and basic material assistance can be delivered through electronic vouchers or vouchers in any form. The Commission and the Council shall monitor the restructuring benchmarks set out in Annex 3 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. WHEREAS Article IV-437(1) of the Constitution repeals the Treaty establishing the European Community and the Treaty on European Union and the Acts and Treaties which have supplemented or amended them; Declaration on Article III-296 Article III-250 3. V postavení státov uchádzajúcich sa o pristúpenie k Európskej únii a v postavení pozorovatelov na konferencii podpísali tento záverecný akt: The functioning of the Union shall be founded on representative democracy. Article III-197 Article III-203 Jean ASSELBORN recommendations made to those Member States whose currency is the euro in the framework of multilateral surveillance, including on stability programmes and warnings (Article III-179(4)); 3. This provision shall not prevent Union law providing more extensive protection.4. Article IV-440 (a) This obligation shall not affect any obligation which may result from the application of the second paragraph of Article III-431. A member of the Court of Auditors may be deprived of his or her office or of his or her right to a pension or other benefits in its stead only if the Court of Justice, at the request of the Court of Auditors, finds that he or she no longer fulfils the requisite conditions or meets the obligations arising from his or her office. The Bank shall, as far as possible, avoid making such transfers if it has cash or liquid assets in the currency required.2. 0515 They shall therefore respect the rights, observe the principles and promote the application thereof in accordance with their respective powers and respecting the limits of the powers of the Union as conferred on it in the other Parts of the Constitution. Article III-330 The panel shall comprise seven persons chosen from among former members of the Court of Justice and the General Court, members of national supreme courts and lawyers of recognised competence, one of whom shall be proposed by the European Parliament. The Presidents of the chambers of five Judges and other Judges appointed in accordance with the conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure shall also form part of the Grand Chamber. It shall act after consulting the European Central Bank and the Committee. reorganising PHS production facilities on a product basis and ensuring horizontal organisation by function (purchasing, production, sales), 1. Article 16 If, within the twenty-one days referred to in paragraph 5, the Conciliation Committee agrees on a joint text, the European Parliament and the Council shall each have a period of fourteen days from the date of that agreement in which to approve the joint text. Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Article III-423 Where the Ombudsman establishes an instance of maladministration, he or she shall refer the matter to the institution, body, office or agency concerned, which shall have a period of three months in which to inform him or her of its views. Conciliation The European decision authorising enhanced cooperation shall be adopted by the Council as a last resort, when it has established that the objectives of such cooperation cannot be attained within a reasonable period by the Union as a whole, and provided that at least one third of the Member States participate in it. Where it is established, under the procedure referred to in paragraph 3, that the economic policies of a Member State are not consistent with the broad guidelines referred to in paragraph 2 or that they risk jeopardising the proper functioning of economic and monetary union, the Commission may address a warning to the Member State concerned. In a resolution adopted on 17 April , MEPs said that disinformation on Covid-19 is a major public health problem, that all people should have access to accurate and verified information and that a free independent and sufficiently funded media is necessary for democracy. Stresses the immediate need to do more for SMEs, help them maintain jobs and manage their liquidity; urges European prudential and supervisory authorities, as well as the Member States, to explore all options to relieve the burden on SMEs; calls for a European horizontal strategy for SME recovery to support them by reducing red tape, costs for access to finance, and by fostering investments in strategic value chains; Article III-297 The Member States shall support the common foreign and security policy actively and unreservedly in a spirit of loyalty and mutual solidarity. In order to achieve the objectives referred to in Article III-246, the Union: The President may reshuffle the allocation of those responsibilities during the Commission's term of office. The rights in Article 6( The task of the Bank shall be that defined in Article III-394 of the Constitution. Article 2 impose fines of an appropriate size. HAVING NOTED the position of Denmark with regard to citizenship, economic and monetary union, defence policy, and justice and home affairs as laid down in the Edinburgh decision; In accordance with Article III-187(3) of the Constitution, Articles 5(1), (2) and (3), 17, 18, 19(1), 22, 23, 24, 26, 32(2), (3), (4) and (6), 33(1)(a) and 36 of this Statute may be amended by European laws: It recalls that the legislation presently applicable (see in particular Directive 95/46/EC) includes specific derogations in this regard. The Council shall inform the European Parliament in full of the reasons which led it to adopt its position. 2. Article 14 Public aid from national, Union and international sources: The Board of Governors shall determine the remuneration of members of the Board of Directors. (d) 5 DT-350, DK-400 heavy water pressure vessel reactors; ), it applies under the conditions and within the limits defined for which provision is made in Part III of the Constitution. For the adoption of the European decisions referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council, representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. The unanimity of the members of the Council, with the exception of the representatives of the governments of the United Kingdom and Ireland, shall be necessary for acts of the Council which must be adopted unanimously.For the purposes of this Article, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States.A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained.By way of derogation from the second and third paragraphs, where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the required qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. In accordance with Article 52(3)( Ireland may notify the Council in writing that it no longer wishes to be covered by the terms of this Protocol. The sum to be transferred shall be determined by multiplying the euro value at current exchange rates of the foreign reserve assets which have already been transferred to the European Central Bank in accordance with Article 30(1), by the ratio between the number of shares subscribed by the national central bank concerned and the number of shares already paid up by the other national central banks.2. 2,90 29 The Member States should take all necessary measures to prevent and punish these criminal acts and to support and protect the victims. The Tripartite Social Summit for Growth and Employment shall contribute to social dialogue. The Union shall aim to strengthen its scientific and technological bases by achieving a European research area in which researchers, scientific knowledge and technology circulate freely, and encourage it to become more competitive, including in its industry, while promoting all the research activities deemed necessary by virtue of other Chapters of the Constitution.2. Protocols annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe It shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States. Prohibition of slavery and forced labour CITIZENS' RIGHTS Within the scope of this paragraph, the Council shall act without taking into account the vote of the member of the Council representing the Member State concerned. agreements establishing a specific institutional framework by organising cooperation procedures; (a) Turks and Caicos Islands It shall lie on the grounds of lack of competence of the General Court, a breach of procedure before it which adversely affects the interests of the appellant as well as the infringement of Union law by the General Court. ) Article I-60 Unless the United Kingdom notifies the Council that it intends to adopt the euro, it shall be under no obligation to do so. (ii) &#x2018; 1. If after a reasonable period of time a measure referred to in paragraph 1 cannot be adopted with Denmark taking part, the Council may adopt that measure referred to in paragraph 1 in accordance with Article 1 without the participation of Denmark. It may, however, in any contract, specify a particular address for service.3. As the EU we need to coordinate and make sure that we actually reach out to the most in need. 3. acquis 31. Such decisions may concern the relations of the Union with a specific country or region or may be thematic in approach. (a) A benefiting company may not: The Commission shall conduct these negotiations in consultation with a special committee appointed by the Council to assist the Commission in this task and within the framework of such directives as the Council may issue to it.