It does not require all establishments which provide education or vocational and continuing training, in particular private ones, to be free of charge. - (c) The European Parliament shall adopt its Rules of Procedure, by a majority of its component members. promote harmonisation of operational needs and adoption of effective, compatible procurement methods; The Commission shall implement the budget in cooperation with the Member States, in accordance with the European law referred to in Article III-412, on its own responsibility and within the limits of the appropriations allocated, having regard to the principles of sound financial management. CHAPTER IV (b) The right to conscientious objection is recognised, in accordance with the national laws governing the exercise of this right. Article II-104 25 Paragraph 2(c) shall be without prejudice to the holding and management by the governments of Member States of foreign-exchange working balances. The Union shall develop judicial cooperation in civil matters having cross-border implications, based on the principle of mutual recognition of judgments and decisions in extrajudicial cases. The customs duties on import into Ceuta and into Melilla of products originating in the customs territory of the Union, and charges having equivalent effect, shall be abolished. The European Council shall act unanimously after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament and after consulting the Commission. By way of derogation from the second and third paragraphs, where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the required qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 2 106 816 000 26 AGRICULTURE AND FISHERIES Where a reduction in the interest rate appears desirable in view of the nature of the investment to be financed, the Member State concerned or some other agency may grant aid towards the payment of interest to the extent that this is compatible with Article III-167 of the Constitution. (a) Pursuant to the principle of sincere cooperation, the Union and the Member States shall, in full mutual respect, assist each other in carrying out tasks which flow from the Constitution. All these tasks may contribute to the fight against terrorism, including by supporting third countries in combating terrorism in their territories.2. 2 Relations between the Union and the Member States 3. monetary agreements and other measures relating to exchange-rate policy (Article III-326); The Conference has adopted the following declarations annexed to this Final Act. B. During the strict quarantine measures implemented across Europe, air pollution has declined due to reduced traffic and other economic activities. Czech Republic In close cooperation with the Member States, the Commission may take any useful initiative to promote the coordination referred to in paragraph 1, in particular initiatives aiming at the establishment of guidelines and indicators, the organisation of exchange of best practice, and the preparation of the necessary elements for periodic monitoring and evaluation. Article III-159 afford such undertakings the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question. Estonia 1. The Minister for Foreign Affairs shall represent the Union for matters relating to the common foreign and security policy. 3. Specific groups shall be set up within the Agency bringing together Member States engaged in joint projects. evolving the strategic focus of PHS from being production-oriented to being marketing-oriented, It shall carry out policy-making and coordinating functions as laid down in the Constitution.2. 34. Europeans expect the EU and governments to act decisively to pave a way out of the crisis and build a more resilient Europe, MEPs said during a plenary debate on 16 April. 4. improve the structures for the production, marketing and processing of agricultural products; Article 2(2) of the Charter( The lower the score, the higher the level of press freedom in the country. The Government of any Member State, the European Parliament or the Commission may submit to the European Council proposals for revising all or part of the provisions of Title III of Part III on the internal policies and action of the Union. ) The first paragraph of Article 9, Articles 14 and 15, the first, second, fourth and fifth paragraphs of Article 17 and Article 18 shall apply to the General Court and its members. By establishing a customs union in accordance with Article III-151, the Union shall contribute, in the common interest, to the harmonious development of world trade, the progressive abolition of restrictions on international trade and on foreign direct investment, and the lowering of customs and other barriers. The European Parliament and national Parliaments shall be notified of this application. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. PROVISIONS ON THE RESTRUCTURING OF THE CZECH STEEL INDUSTRY 3. &#x2018; The Czech, Danish, English, Estonian, Finnish, Greek, Hungarian, Irish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish and Swedish versions of the Treaty shall also be authentic. &#x2019; &#x2018; Everyone whose rights and freedoms as set forth in this Convention are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority notwithstanding that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official capacity. &#x2019; Community (a) Per Stig MØLLER 1. Legal personality Responsibilities of the decision-making bodies The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. Article 26 PERMANENT PROVISIONS protecting human health; occupational hygiene; As from the end of the term of office of the Commission referred to in paragraph 5, the Commission shall consist of a number of members, including its President and the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, corresponding to two thirds of the number of Member States, unless the European Council, acting unanimously, decides to alter this number. (c) 3. OJ L 73, 27.3.1972, p. Article I-58 (b) The conditions and arrangements for admission shall be the subject of an agreement between the Member States and the candidate State. CHAPTER II facilitate access to vocational training and encourage mobility of instructors and trainees and particularly young people; European laws or framework laws shall establish what action is to be taken in order to achieve the objectives referred to in Article III-233. The European decisions and recommendations of the Council within the framework of permanent structured cooperation, other than those provided for in paragraphs 2 to 5, shall be adopted by unanimity. The Conciliation Committee, which shall be composed of the members of the Council or their representatives and an equal number of members representing the European Parliament, shall have the task of reaching agreement on a joint text, by a qualified majority of the members of the Council or their representatives and by a majority of the members representing the European Parliament within six weeks of its being convened, on the basis of the positions of the European Parliament and the Council at second reading.11. To ensure employees can keep their job when companies run out of work due to the coronavirus crisis, the Commission has proposed the concept of state-supported short time work ( Sure ). Na DUKAZ CEHOZ pripojili níze podepsaní zplnomocnení zástupci k této smlouve své podpisy Article 64 (c) The Charter does not set out to depart from those principles, and therefore prohibits only reproductive cloning. The Bank of England shall pay up its subscribed capital, transfer to the European Central Bank foreign reserve assets and contribute to its reserves on the same basis as the national central bank of a Member State whose derogation has been abrogated. Germany Cereals Save where Article 6 applies, a Judge shall continue to hold office until his successor takes up his duties. Such European laws or framework laws shall not affect a Member State's right to determine the conditions for exploiting its energy resources, its choice between different energy sources and the general structure of its energy supply, without prejudice to Article III-234(2)(c). Mayotte 37. According to the Court, that general principle of Union law also applies to the Member States when they are implementing Union law. In the absence of an opinion within that time-limit, the Council may act. For the purposes of this Protocol, &#x2018; draft European legislative acts &#x2019; shall mean proposals from the Commission, initiatives from a group of Member States, initiatives from the European Parliament, requests from the Court of Justice, recommendations from the European Central Bank and requests from the European Investment Bank for the adoption of a European legislative act. PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO MEMBER STATES WHOSE CURRENCY IS THE EURO Provisions on the exchange of information with Denmark in the field of nuclear energy by effecting the progressive abolition of restrictions on freedom of establishment in every branch of activity under consideration, both as regards the conditions for setting up agencies, branches or subsidiaries in the territory of a Member State and as regards the conditions governing the entry of personnel belonging to the main establishment into managerial or supervisory posts in such agencies, branches or subsidiaries; Fats and oil, of fish and marine mammals, whether or not refined The Parliament will keep monitoring