For the period 2004-2006 the Assistance shall amount to 90 million euro in commitment appropriations, to be committed in equal annual tranches.4. Miguel Angel MORATINOS CUYAUBÉ The Bank may make its loans conditional on international invitations to tender being arranged. TITLE IV In the other EU institutions, people are also working tirelessly to find effective and quick ways to support the victims of this crisis, be it those who are ill, healthcare workers or people who have lost their jobs or income due to the crisis", he concluded. They shall remain in office and continue to deal with current business until they are replaced in accordance with Articles I-26 and I-27. 10. 1. This will stop air carriers from operating empty flights during the pandemic. CONSIDERING THAT certain provisions appearing in those Accession Treaties and in the Acts annexed thereto remain relevant; and that Article IV-437(2) of the Constitution provides that such provisions must be set out or referred to in a Protocol, so that they remain in force and that their legal effects are preserved; 17. Without prejudice to that objective, it shall support the general economic policies in the Union in order to contribute to the achievement of the latter's objectives. Denmark common commercial policy. For analytical and operational purposes, the Executive Board shall draw up a consolidated balance sheet of the European System of Central Banks, comprising those assets and liabilities of the national central banks that fall within the European System of Central Banks.4. GIVEN that on 16 October 1996 and 30 October 1997 the United Kingdom government notified the Council of its intention not to participate in the third stage of economic and monetary union, under the terms of paragraph 1 of the Protocol on certain provisions relating to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, annexed to the Treaty establishing the European Community; Articles 25, 26 and 37( Article III-296 If, within the twenty-one days referred to in paragraph 5, the Conciliation Committee does not agree on a joint text, a new draft budget shall be submitted by the Commission. The President or, if he is prevented, a Vice-President shall represent the Bank in judicial and other matters.7. PROVISIONS ON THE TRANSIT OF PERSONS BY LAND BETWEEN THE REGION OF KALININGRAD AND OTHER PARTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION Article 12 Everyone shall have the possibility of being advised, defended and represented. The Union recognises and respects access to services of general economic interest as provided for in national laws and practices, in accordance with the Constitution, in order to promote the social and territorial cohesion of the Union. 1504 2. 63 Such European framework laws shall avoid imposing administrative, financial and legal constraints in a way which would hold back the creation and development of small and medium-sized undertakings. ) The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction in any dispute between the European Central Bank and its servants within the limits and under the conditions laid down in the conditions of employment. This Article has been based on Article 286 of the Treaty establishing the European Community and Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ( Explanation A decision of the European Central Bank to bring an action before the Court of Justice of the European Union shall be taken by the Governing Council.6. Allocation of net profits and losses of the European Central Bank EP Regional Development Committee Chair, Younous Omarjee (GUE/NGL, FR) said: "Europe must show solidarity right now. "We had to slow down, of course. 1517 Article 11 Article 3 the collection, storage, processing, analysis and exchange of information forwarded particularly by the authorities of the Member States or third countries or bodies; In accordance with the rules laid down in the said Article, the Committee of the Regions may also bring such actions against European legislative acts for the adoption of which the Constitution provides that it be consulted. In respect of agricultural products and products processed therefrom which are the subject of a special trade regime, the levies and other import measures laid down in Union rules and applicable by the United Kingdom shall be applied to third countries. Article 5 The Commission shall take appropriate steps requiring any company concerned to reimburse any aid granted in breach of the conditions laid down in this Title. The Judge concerned shall not take part in any such deliberations. The Management Committee shall be responsible for the current business of the Bank, under the authority of the President and the supervision of the Board of Directors. Article III-271 Airport rules oblige airlines to operate most of their take-off and landing slots, if they do not want to risk losing them. The reference values are specified in the Protocol on the excessive deficit procedure. BEARING IN MIND that the policy of the Union in accordance with Article I-41(2) of the Constitution shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States and shall respect the obligations of certain Member States, which see their common defence realised in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, under the North Atlantic Treaty and be compatible with the common security and defence policy established within that framework, (b) 11. PHS reviewing its product mix, reducing over-capacity on long semi-finished products and generally moving further into the higher value-added product market, This amounts to about EUR 8 billion from the EU budget, which member states will be able to use to supplement EUR 29 billion of structural funding across the EU. acquis The first provisions on the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund to be adopted following those in force on the date on which the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe is signed shall be established by a European law of the Council. 13. 78 Article 32 The Agency in the field of defence capabilities development, research, acquisition and armaments (European Defence Agency), established by Article I-41(3) and subject to the authority of the Council, shall have as its task to: 21. Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies and the governments of the Member States shall respect that independence.4. 2. CHAPTER 8 The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs For the implementation of the multiannual framework programme, European laws or framework laws shall establish: or lead to an increase in production or in the level of overall support recorded during a reference period preceding 1 January 1995, to be determined by the Commission. Articles 51 and 52 shall be applicable to fishery products. In such cases, the Council shall adopt the necessary European decisions. The revenue and expenditure shown in the budget shall be in balance.3. (a) (b) Without prejudice to Articles I-5, III-166, III-167 and III-238, and given the place occupied by services of general economic interest as services to which all in the Union attribute value as well as their role in promoting its social and territorial cohesion, the Union and the Member States, each within their respective competences and within the scope of application of the Constitution, shall take care that such services operate on the basis of principles and conditions, in particular economic and financial conditions, which enable them to fulfil their missions. (d) PART IV ) 24 ( (a) The Court of Auditors and the national audit bodies of the Member States shall cooperate in a spirit of trust while maintaining their independence. town and country planning; 93,33 ); THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES In those fields in which the United Kingdom places information at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community, the competent authorities shall grant upon request licences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community where they possess exclusive rights to patents filed in the Member States of the Community and insofar as they have no obligation or commitment in respect of third parties to grant or offer to grant an exclusive or partially exclusive licence to the rights in these patents. 14. It shall execute the budget and manage programmes. In addition, MEPs voted to make €37 billion from existing EU structural funds available to EU countries to tackle the coronavirus crisis and support healthcare, businesses and workers. any measure necessary for the gradual establishment of an integrated management system for external borders; (c) Provisions on the exchange of information with Greece in the field of nuclear energy The European Council shall act by unanimity after consulting the European Parliament and the Commission, and the European Central Bank in the case of institutional changes in the monetary area. The other members of the group shall assist the Chair in all its responsibilities on the basis of a common programme. ) B. These measures will still need to be approved by Parliament and the Council before they can enter into force. Parliament has adopted new measures mobilising €3 billion of targeted support for health care systems in EU regions that have been hit the hardest by the corona crisis. Provisions on the exchange of information with the Portuguese Republic in the field of nuclear energy For the purposes of this Article, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may also adopt recommendations.7. Such European laws or framework laws shall aim, in particular, to: