Article III-397 (vi) Right of access to placement services RULES ON COMPETITION Bearing in mind the very limited number of residences in Malta and the very limited land available for construction purposes, which can only cover the basic needs created by the demographic development of the present residents, Malta may on a non-discriminatory basis maintain in force the rules on the acquisition and holding of immovable property for secondary residence purposes by nationals of the Member States who have not legally resided in Malta for at least five years laid down in the Immovable Property (Acquisition by Non-Residents) Act (Chapter 246). The European Council shall adopt by a qualified majority a European decision establishing the list of other Council configurations.5. The Council shall act unanimously after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament.2. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, They shall uphold the Union's positions in such fora. 2. The new Member States shall be required to accede, under the conditions laid down in this Protocol, to the Agreement on the European Economic Area ( Expresses its solidarity with those Member States that have been hit the hardest by the virus and with all other countries that are facing the effects of the pandemic; expresses its most sincere solidarity with those who have lost their jobs and whose professional lives have been disrupted by the pandemic; stresses the need to pull together as a community and ensuring no country is left to fight this virus and the aftermath on its The General Council shall contribute to the necessary preparations for irrevocably fixing the exchange rates of the currencies of Member States with a derogation against the euro as referred to in Article III-198(3) of the Constitution.4. Under current rules (EU Airport Slots Regulation (EEC 95/93)), aircraft take-off and landing slots are allocated in the EU solely by independent coordinators for the summer or winter scheduling seasons. In this difficult moment, we believe Europe needs to act together and show solidarity", Members of the Committee on Budgets said on Friday. It shall be independent in the exercise of its powers and in the management of its finances. EU global response to Covid-19 Until 31 October 2009, the qualified majority shall, in cases where not all the members of the Council participate in voting, namely in the cases referred to in the articles mentioned in the first subparagraph, be defined as the same proportion of the weighted votes and the same proportion of the number of the Council members and, if appropriate, the same percentage of the population of the Member States concerned as laid down in paragraph 2. SECTION 5 The European Council shall adopt by unanimity, on the initiative of the European Parliament and with its consent, a European decision establishing the composition of the European Parliament, respecting the principles referred to in the first subparagraph. Subject to Article 2, the European Central Bank may require credit institutions established in Member States to hold minimum reserves on accounts with the European Central Bank and national central banks in pursuance of monetary policy objectives. The measures referred to in paragraph 4(a) shall not affect national provisions on the donation or medical use of organs and blood. Member States in respect of which the Council has not decided that they fulfil the necessary conditions for the adoption of the euro shall hereinafter be referred to as &#x2018; Member States with a derogation &#x2019; . Articles 1, 2 and 3 shall not apply to measures determining the third countries whose nationals must be in possession of a visa when crossing the external borders of the Member States, or measures relating to a uniform format for visas. Thus it does not in any way prevent the legislature from prohibiting other forms of cloning. REPRESENTATIVES OF MEMBER STATES TAKING PART IN THE WORK OF THE INSTITUTIONS OF THE UNION 3. If the Commission does not submit a proposal, it shall inform the Council of the reasons. ( The European Commission outlined the Green Deal in December, followed in March by a proposal for an EU Climate Law to make the EU climate neutral by 2050 . Declaration on Article I-51 Everyone has the right to respect for his or her private and family life, home and communications. Latvia (c) EUR 5 882 000 Any enhanced cooperation shall respect the competences, rights and obligations of those Member States which do not participate in it. The Commission shall adopt its Rules of Procedure so as to ensure both its own operation and that of its departments. László KOVÁCS Article 18 after consulting the European Parliament in other cases. On the basis of the results of that examination, the Council and the Commission shall make a joint annual report to the European Council on the employment situation in the Union and on the implementation of the guidelines for employment. Repeal of earlier Treaties The company shall also ensure substantial additional cost savings associated with employment restructuring and improved yields; Article III-221 P. Article 10(2) may be amended by a European decision of the European Council, acting unanimously, either on a recommendation from the European Central Bank and after consulting the European Parliament and the Commission, or on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament and the European Central Bank. With a view to achieving the objectives of Article III-209, the Union shall support and complement the activities of the Member States in the following fields: Article 3 On the occasion of the consultation referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3, management and labour may inform the Commission of their wish to initiate the process provided for in Article III-212(1). The Council shall act unanimously on initiative from, and after obtaining the consent of, the European Parliament, which shall act by a majority of its component members. Vice-President Karas added: "In a crisis like this, fact-checking is not about being the wise guy finding pleasure in correcting people who make mistakes; rather, it is our civic duty to protect European citizens and the democratic society we have created. Article III-142 ) corresponds to Article 2 of the Protocol to the ECHR as regards the rights of parents Article III-170 Today 2 April, on International Fact-checking Day, Parliament is contributing to raising awareness of the dangers of disinformation, not only for citizens' health, but also for democracy. PROVISIONS HAVING GENERAL APPLICATION 53 (a) Für Seine Majestät den König der Belgier Financial accounts SECTION 1 The temporary Committee of Inquiry shall cease to exist on submission of its report. (b) Any subsequent changes in the overall restructuring plan and the individual plans must be agreed by the Commission and, where appropriate, by the Council.13. In respect of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, and in any of the acts deriving from those Treaties or continued in force by those Treaties, the United Kingdom reiterates the Declaration it made on 31 December 1982 on the definition of the term &#x2018; nationals &#x2019; with the exception that the reference to &#x2018; British Dependent Territories Citizens &#x2019; shall be read as meaning &#x2018; British overseas territories citizens &#x2019; . Malta may revise the thresholds established by such legislation to reflect changes in prices in the property market in Malta. The European Council shall act unanimously on a recommendation from the Council, adopted by the latter under the arrangements laid down for each area. 94 At this very moment for example, German nurses and doctors are taking care of COVID-19 patients flown in from Italy or France. 14 24 1. However, if within ten days of the draft being forwarded the Council informs the European Parliament that it has approved all its amendments, the Conciliation Committee shall not meet. 9 Taking care of our most vulnerable 3. Within two months of this notification, the parties, the Member States, the Commission and, where appropriate, the institution, body, office or agency which adopted the act the validity or interpretation of which is in dispute, shall be entitled to submit statements of case or written observations to the Court of Justice. Every worker has the right to working conditions which respect his or her health, safety and dignity.2. (j) (c) PUBLIC HEALTH The rights guaranteed in Article 7( (e) For the application of this Article, the Governing Council shall establish the necessary rules for standardising the accounting and reporting of operations undertaken by the national central banks. The European Central Bank shall have its seat in Frankfurt.6. The Union shall take cultural aspects into account in its action under other provisions of the Constitution, in particular in order to respect and to promote the diversity of its cultures. B. whereas Parliament adopted a resolution on 15 January 2020 on the European Green Deal ( 2019/2956(RSP) ) (1) ; 2. Article III-184 Citizenship of the Union Article 42 Any discrimination based on any ground such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic features, language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, membership of a national minority, property, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited. 1 Texts adopted, P9_TA(2020)0005. V Ríme dvadsiatehodeviateho októbra dvetisícstyri Article I-29 (d) implementation of research, technological development and demonstration programmes, by promoting cooperation with and between undertakings, research centres and universities; In the third indent of Article 7(1), the phrase &#x2018; Court of Justice of the European Communities or of the Court of First Instance &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; Court of Justice of the European Union &#x2019; . Member States shall adopt the necessary provisions to secure diplomatic and consular protection of citizens of the Union in third countries, as referred to in Article I-10(2)(c). This pandemic doesn't know any borders and we need to be successful everywhere.