14 Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and improvement of the budgetary procedure ( *** signature *** Authorisation to proceed with enhanced cooperation shall be granted by a European decision of the Council, which shall act on a proposal from the Commission and after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. 17. 1. The Council, on the basis of a proposal from the Commission, shall define the terms under which the provisions of Union law shall apply to the line between those areas referred to in Article 68 and the areas in which the Government of the Republic of Cyprus exercises effective control. Article III-310 Without prejudice to Article III-379(1) and (2) of the Constitution or Article 157 of the EAEC Treaty, an appeal shall not have suspensory effect. If the two institutions cannot reach agreement on an act, it shall not be adopted.2. 3. ) According to the 2020 edition of the World Press Freedom Index, Europe remains the continent that most ensures freedom of the press. 1. He or she shall ensure that the views of the European Parliament are duly taken into consideration. A Member State may entrust management and labour, at their joint request, with the implementation of European framework laws adopted pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 3 or, where appropriate, with the implementation of European regulations or decisions adopted in accordance with Article III-212. measures significantly affecting a Member State's choice between different energy sources and the general structure of its energy supply. 2. The members of the General Court shall be chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who possess the ability required for appointment to high judicial office. ) The President will hold a press conference at 16.30. Articles I-30(2), with the exception of the first and last sentences thereof, I-30(5), III-177, second paragraph, III-184(1), (9) and (10), III-185(1) to (5), III-186, III-188, III-189, III-190, III-191, III-196, III-198(3), III-326 and III-382 of the Constitution shall not apply to the United Kingdom. TITLE II The provisions of the Constitution shall not preclude the application of the existing provisions in force on 1 January 1994 on the Åland islands on: 3. 1. Article III-345 The documents drawn up in compliance with the letters rogatory shall be returned to the Court of Justice under the same conditions. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the European regulations and decisions establishing the general rules necessary for implementing the provisions of this Section. This means in particular that the legislator, in laying down limitations to those rights, must comply with the same standards as are fixed by the detailed limitation arrangements laid down in the ECHR, which are thus made applicable for the rights covered by this paragraph, without thereby adversely affecting the autonomy of Union law and of that of the Court of Justice of the European Union. 59 EU countries are mostly ranked as "good" or "fairly good". The Commission shall take part in the Conciliation Committee's proceedings and shall take all necessary initiatives with a view to reconciling the positions of the European Parliament and the Council.12. SEATS IN THE EP &#x2018; 1. The Conference declares that Member States may indicate, when they make a request to establish enhanced cooperation, if they intend already at that stage to make use of Article III-422 providing for the extension of qualified majority voting or to have recourse to the ordinary legislative procedure. The Council shall act unanimously, either at the request of the European Investment Bank and after consulting the European Parliament and the Commission, or on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament and the European Investment Bank. Article 18 1. (d) It provides essentials for those in need, food and basic items such as clothes, shoes and toiletries, but also promotes social inclusion through psychological support, language courses etc. He or she may be re-elected. Where, pursuant to the Constitution, European laws or framework laws are adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure, the following provisions shall apply.2. 2. Protocol on the application of certain aspects of Article III-130 of the Constitution to the United Kingdom and to Ireland The Union shall mobilise all the instruments at its disposal, including the military resources made available by the Member States, to: 30. Article III-346 Protocol on the Euro Group They shall be judicially cognisable only in the interpretation of such acts and in the ruling on their legality.6. 1. ) corresponds to Article 4(1) and (2) of the ECHR, which has the same wording. Article 5 21. Europe accounts for half of the world's tourist arrivals and the situation is particularly hard for European countries that are dependent on tourism, such as Spain, Italy, France and Greece. Such views shall be taken into consideration on matters which concern them in accordance with their age and maturity.2. Article 51 Article III-237 (b) Nothing in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe or in the Treaties or Acts modifying or supplementing it shall affect the application in Ireland of Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland. Right of collective bargaining and action The 'use it or lose it' rule has, however, been temporarily suspended on a number of occasions in the past, for example following the events of 11 September 2001; during the Iraq war; during the SARS epidemic in 2003 and, in 2009, in response to the economic crisis and its impact on air carriers. SECTION 6 The Union acknowledges that the decommissioning of the Bohunice V1 Nuclear Power plant must continue beyond the Financial Perspective as defined in the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999, and that this effort represents for Slovakia a significant financial burden. Article 1 The Council, either on a recommendation from the European Central Bank or on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank, in an endeavour to reach a consensus consistent with the objective of price stability, may adopt, adjust or abandon the central rates of the euro within the exchange-rate system. Where the Constitution does not specify the type of act to be adopted, the institutions shall select it on a case-by-case basis, in compliance with the applicable procedures and with the principle of proportionality referred to in Article I-11.2. Photo credits: © Maria Sbytova / AdobeStock. Sole article The Member States shall ensure that national procedures in the budgetary area enable them to meet their obligations in this area deriving from the Constitution. SECTION 1 Antanas VALIONIS 22. Article II-61 Article III-138 Believes that the Member States must take measures to ensure that workers in Europe, including the self-employed, are shielded from income loss and that the most affected companies, in particular SMEs, and sectors have the necessary support and financial liquidity; welcomes in this respect the Commission's new Support to mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency (SURE) proposal and calls for its swift implementation and to launch a permanent European Unemployment Reinsurance Scheme; encourages the Member States to better coordinate social and fiscal legislation in order to avoid ramifications in terms of social security and fiscal systems for cross-border workers and labour migrants as a result of emergency measures; The Court of Justice of the European Union 74 The acts listed in point II.2 of Annex VIII ( Each Member State shall ensure that its national legislation, including the statutes of its national central bank, is compatible with the Constitution and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank. The European Parliament shall act on its own initiative after obtaining the consent of the Council and of the Commission. The use of names or logo of government authorities, official experts or international institutions that have allegedly endorsed them, but with no hyperlinks or references to official documents Explanation 3. The Court of Justice shall have jurisdiction to decide on the legality of an act adopted by the European Council or by the Council pursuant to Article I-59 solely at the request of the Member State concerned by a determination of the European Council or of the Council and in respect solely of the procedural stipulations contained in that Article. Protocol on the Acts and Treaties which have supplemented or amended the Treaty establishing the European Community and the Treaty on European Union Celex Test On behalf of the EPP group, Esteban González Pons (Spain) underlined Parliament's role: "While the plague is going on, the Parliament cannot close... 0,8392 % SECTION 2 (b) CHAPTER V Calls on the European Commission to propose a massive recovery and reconstruction package for investment to support the European economy after the crisis, beyond what the European Stability Mechanism the European Investment Bank and the European Central Bank are already doing, that is part of the new multiannual financial framework (MFF); believes that such a package should be in place while the economic disruption caused by this crisis lasts; the necessary investment would be financed by an increased MFF, the existing EU funds and financial instruments, and recovery bonds guaranteed by the EU budget; this package should not involve the mutualisation of existing debt and should be oriented to future investment; The Conference notes that if, two years after the signature of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, four fifths of the Member States have ratified it and one or more Member States have encountered difficulties in proceeding with ratification, the matter will be referred to the European Council. Vice-President Katarina Barley stated, "After all, the initiatives taken at EU level are approved not only by Members of the European Parliament from all member states, but also ministers from all national governments. In Article 11(3), the phrase &#x2018; without prejudice to Article 139 of the Treaty establishing the European Community &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; without prejudice to Article III-336 of the Constitution &#x2019; . prevent the terrorist threat in the territory of the Member States; Sweden Parliament President David Sassoli said in his opening remarks: "We want to exit this crisis stronger, more robust, in a better position to tackle the challenges of tomorrow... 54