Field of application 2. Article 5 Underlines that the cultural and creative sectors in Member States have been hit especially hard by the fallout from the COVID-19 due to the closure of cinemas, theatres and music venues and the sudden stop of ticket sales; highlights the fact that, as these sectors have high numbers of freelance and self-employed workers, many of whom were struggling well before the outbreak, the effects are particularly dire for creative professionals, whose income streams have been unexpectedly reduced to zero and who now have little or no support from the social system; (e) the European Parliament, Solidarity: how EU countries help each other fight Covid-19 The situation of Gibraltar defined in point VI of Annex II ( The Council shall act unanimously. (a) The EU is creating a strategic stockpile of ventilators, reusable masks, laboratory supplies and therapeutics ("rescEU") to help member states facing shortages. The languages in which every citizen of the Union has the right to address the institutions or bodies under Article I-10(2)(d), and to have an answer, are those listed in Article IV-448(1). three alternates nominated by common accord between the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic, Feito em Roma, em vinte e nove de Outubro de dois mil e quatro ( It may itself give final judgment in the matter, where the state of the proceedings so permits, or refer the case back to the General Court for judgment. Czechia sent 10.000 protective suits to both Italy and Spain. Estonia Reflecting the will of the citizens and States of Europe to build a common future, this Constitution establishes the European Union, on which the Member States confer competences to attain objectives they have in common. 5. (b) Explanation With the exception of the common foreign and security policy, and other cases provided for in the Constitution, it shall ensure the Union's external representation. (a) This Article shall be without prejudice to the obligations of the Member States to implement Union law or to the prerogatives and duties of the Commission. OJ L 56, 4.3.1968, p. Members of the European Parliament shall be elected by direct universal suffrage in a free and secret ballot. Estonia Denmark When these formalities have been completed on application by the party concerned, the latter may proceed to enforcement by bringing the matter directly before the competent authority, in accordance with the national law. of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; Where reasoned opinions on a draft European legislative act's non-compliance with the principle of subsidiarity represent at least one third of all the votes allocated to the national Parliaments in accordance with the second paragraph, the draft must be reviewed. The same right shall be open to the bodies, offices and agencies of the Union and to any other person which can establish an interest in the result of a case submitted to the Court of Justice. In the prosecutions referred to in paragraph 1, and without prejudice to Article III-274, formal acts of judicial procedure shall be carried out by the competent national officials. Article II-96 For the purposes set out in Article I-3, the activities of the Member States and the Union shall include, as provided in the Constitution, the adoption of an economic policy which is based on the close coordination of Member States' economic policies, on the internal market and on the definition of common objectives, and conducted in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition. 1. European laws or framework laws shall establish the measures necessary for the implementation of development cooperation policy, which may relate to multiannual cooperation programmes with developing countries or programmes with a thematic approach. Article 44 This paragraph shall not apply to questions falling within the scope of the EAEC Treaty. European decisions of the European Council shall be implemented in accordance with the procedures provided for in the Constitution. For this purpose the Commission shall report to the Council.15. Everyone has the right to education and to have access to vocational and continuing training.2. To enable the objectives set out in Article III-227 to be attained, provision may be made within the framework of the common agricultural policy for measures such as: 43 The Commission may make recommendations to Member States for the application of this Article. Acts setting up bodies, offices and agencies of the Union may lay down specific conditions and arrangements concerning actions brought by natural or legal persons against acts of these bodies, offices or agencies intended to produce legal effects in relation to them.6. The arrangements for Union cooperation may be the subject of agreements between the Union and the third parties concerned. Belgium (a) (b) Unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco refuse Until the entry into force of the European regulations adopted pursuant to Article III-163, the authorities in Member States shall rule on the admissibility of agreements, decisions and concerted practices and on abuse of a dominant position in the internal market in accordance with their national law and Article III-161, in particular paragraph 3, and Article III-162. OJ L 161, 26.6.1999, p. - The sector is facing a massive drop in advertising revenues and Parliament fears the worsening financial situation could mean news organisations are no longer able to provide clear and factual information and counter disinformation about the coronavirus pandemic. SECTION 4 (a) 125,4 4. Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe (c) Declaration concerning Italy The European Council shall provide the Union with the necessary impetus for its development and shall define the general political directions and priorities thereof. 4. in relations between Member States and the countries and territories, the right of establishment of nationals and companies or firms shall be regulated in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 2 of Section 2 of Chapter I of Title III relating to the freedom of establishment and under the procedures laid down in that Subsection, and on a non-discriminatory basis, subject to any acts adopted pursuant to Article III-291. the conditions for the transitional arrangements contained in this Title have not been fulfilled, or that Austria and France sent millions of masks to Italy." They shall refrain from any action which is contrary to the interests of the Union or likely to impair its effectiveness as a cohesive force in international relations. A Magyar Köztársaság Elnöke részér"ol Any difficulty arising as to the application of this Article shall be settled by decision of the Court of Justice. *** signature *** Calls on the Member States and the Commission to promote social dialogue and collective bargaining in the response to the COVID-19 crisis as well as to ensure that the social partners are fully involved in the design and the implementation of the measures taken; calls on the Member States to take the necessary actions to safeguard jobs, working conditions and wages, including measures for short-time work, income compensation arrangements and similar measures; ) Fundamental rights, as guaranteed by the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and as they result from the constitutional traditions common to the Member States, shall constitute general principles of the Union's law. Article 53 7. For the purposes of this Section, the following definitions shall apply: (g) 1. propose multilateral projects to fulfil the objectives in terms of military capabilities, ensure coordination of the programmes implemented by the Member States and management of specific cooperation programmes; The Union and the Member States shall, in accordance with this Section, work towards developing a coordinated strategy for employment and particularly for promoting a skilled, trained and adaptable workforce and labour markets responsive to economic change with a view to achieving the objectives referred to in Article I-3. 1. The Commission shall publish annually, not later than one month before the opening of the session of the European Parliament, a general report on the activities of the Union. CIVIL PROTECTION Calls on the Commission and the Member States to prioritise aid and crisis-mitigation measures for the most vulnerable citizens, women and children exposed to domestic violence, the elderly, people with disabilities, ethnic minorities and people from remote and isolated regions, including the Overseas Countries and Territories and outermost The United Kingdom or Ireland may, at any time after the adoption of a measure pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution or to Article III-263 or to Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution, notify its intention to the Council and to the Commission that it wishes to accept that measure. applying dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties, thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage; At least once every two years, or at the request of a Member State with a derogation, the Commission and the European Central Bank shall report to the Council on the progress made by the Member States with a derogation in fulfilling their obligations regarding the achievement of economic and monetary union. ) Article 49 This Protocol shall also apply to measures remaining in force by virtue of Article IV-438 of the Constitution, which were covered, prior to the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, by the Protocol on the position of Denmark annexed to the Treaty on European Union and to the Treaty establishing the European Community. Declaration on Cyprus RECALLING that the common security and defence policy of the Union does not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States; DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION THE PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY, The European Parliament, in its resolution of 17 April 2020, urged "the Member States to adopt only necessary, coordinated and proportionate measures when restricting travel or introducing and prolonging internal border controls, after careful evaluation of their effectiveness to address the public health issue and based on existing legal provisions, namely the Schengen Borders Code and the Freedom of Movement Directive and in full observance of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union". 1. ) Commission [1999] ECR II-931).