Spain It shall not affect the provisions of Article III-309. Subsection 2 - A high level of environmental protection and the improvement of the quality of the environment must be integrated into the policies of the Union and ensured in accordance with the principle of sustainable development. No one shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. The Council shall adopt its position on the draft budget and forward it to the European Parliament not later than 1 October of the year preceding that in which the budget is to be implemented. Noting the need to adopt implementing provisions for the additional Union assistance to address the consequences of the closure and the decommissioning of the Ignalina nuclear power plant; ASSOCIATION OF THE OVERSEAS COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES 3. HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SPAIN, (c) Article III-309 Article 9 In that case, the procedure referred to in Article III-396 shall be suspended. The members of the Union's institutions, the members of committees, and the officials and other servants of the Union shall be required, even after their duties have ceased, not to disclose information of the kind covered by the obligation of professional secrecy, in particular information about undertakings, their business relations or their cost components. It shall be convened by its chairman at the request of the European Parliament, of the Council or of the Commission. Pour Sa Majesté le Roi des Belges Status of churches and non-confessional organisations (b) Article III-314 The use of property may be regulated by law insofar as is necessary for the general interest. The Board of Directors shall see that the Bank is properly run; it shall ensure that the Bank is managed in accordance with the Constitution and this Statute and with the general directives laid down by the Board of Governors. Article IV-443 The European regulations or decisions adopted pursuant to Article III-260 of the Constitution shall lay down the conditions for the participation of the United Kingdom and Ireland in the evaluations concerning the areas covered by Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution.For the purposes of this Article, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States.A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained.By way of derogation from the second and third subparagraphs, where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the required qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States.2. Article 4 General principle Portugal inter alia SECTION 5 1. Saint Pierre and Miquelon for Huta Bankowa, implementing the cost savings programme; The abovementioned Directive and Regulation contain conditions and limitations for the exercise of the right to the protection of personal data. 1. DRAWING INSPIRATION from the cultural, religious and humanist inheritance of Europe, from which have developed the universal values of the inviolable and inalienable rights of the human person, freedom, democracy, equality and the rule of law, 1. 75 000 tonnes The Commission may adopt European regulations relating to the categories of agreement in respect of which the Council has adopted a European regulation pursuant to Article III-163, second paragraph, (b). The €8 billion will have to be returned at the closure of the programmes under the 2014-2020 budget, which might be around 2025. Deferred payment of capital, reserves and provisions of the European Central Bank Finally, the activities of the Bank and of its organs carried on in accordance with its Statute shall not be subject to any turnover tax. The terms &#x2018; such measures are required in order to compensate for the economic disadvantages caused by the division of Germany to the economy of certain areas of the Federal Republic affected by that division &#x2019; shall be interpreted in accordance with the existing case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and of the Court of First Instance. Prudential supervision Rules applying to undertakings Declaration concerning the Protocol on the position of Denmark If some of the pre-financing remains unused, it has to be returned to the EU budget the following year. Dr. Applicability of the transitional provisions The exercise of these freedoms, since it carries with it duties and responsibilities, may be subject to such formalities, conditions, restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society, in the interests of national security, territorial integrity or public safety, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of health or morals, for the protection of the reputation or rights of others, for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence, or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary. &#x2019; adapting to market demand and shifting towards higher value-added products, ), the meaning and scope of this right are the same as those guaranteed by the ECHR. It shall contribute to peace, security, the sustainable development of the Earth, solidarity and mutual respect among peoples, free and fair trade, eradication of poverty and the protection of human rights, in particular the rights of the child, as well as to the strict observance and the development of international law, including respect for the principles of the United Nations Charter.5. In order for the Governing Council to vote, there shall be a quorum of two thirds of the members having a voting right. It shall be based on the precautionary principle and on the principles that preventive action should be taken, that environmental damage should as a priority be rectified at source and that the polluter should pay. In Article 172(4) of the EAEC Treaty the reference to Article 177(5) shall be replaced by a reference to Article III-404 of the Constitution.4. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. (a) require the Member State concerned to make a non-interest-bearing deposit of an appropriate size with the Union until the Council considers that the excessive deficit has been corrected; The Board of Directors shall rule on financing operations submitted to it by the Management Committee.4. The Union shall not be liable for or assume the commitments of central governments, regional, local or other public authorities, other bodies governed by public law, or public undertakings of any Member State, without prejudice to mutual financial guarantees for the joint execution of a specific project. Applications made through the Commission shall be submitted for an opinion to the Member State in whose territory the investment will be carried out. The proceedings of the European Parliament shall be published in the manner laid down in the Constitution and the Rules of Procedure of the European Parliament. Article III-340 Article III-305 The primary objective of the European System of Central Banks shall be to maintain price stability. In this respect, in particular, no measure restricting imports may be laid down. Poland in the course of the restructuring period has granted additional incompatible State aid to the steel industry and to the benefiting companies in particular, the transitional arrangements contained in this Title shall not have effect. this Treaty shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man only to the extent necessary to ensure the implementation of the arrangements for those islands originally set out in the Treaty referred to in Article IV-437(2)(a) of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and which have been incorporated in the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. &#x2019; 78 Article III-188 4. Anton ROP JUDICIAL COOPERATION IN CRIMINAL MATTERS In particular: PROVISIONS TAKEN FROM THE ACT CONCERNING THE CONDITIONS OF ACCESSION OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK, IRELAND AND THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND Fund for European Aid to the Most Deprived will continue to provide assistance where it is most needed The Council shall act unanimously on the amendments on which the Commission has delivered a negative opinion. Statement by European Parliament President David Sassoli at opening of extraordinary plenary session on measures to tackle COVID-19 23 (c) These measures shall act as a deterrent and be such as to afford effective protection in the Member States and in all the Union's institutions, bodies, offices and agencies.2. Judgments shall be signed by the President and the Registrar. 1. (b) 1. Annex II - Overseas countries and territories to which Title IV of Part III of the Constitution applies In the course of its duties, the European Parliament may, at the request of a quarter of its component Members, set up a temporary Committee of Inquiry to investigate, without prejudice to the powers conferred by the Constitution on other institutions or bodies, alleged contraventions or maladministration in the implementation of Union law, except where the alleged facts are being examined before a court and while the case is still subject to legal proceedings. Article III-411 Impact on carbon emissions Bulgaria ) is to set the scope of the rights and principles of the Charter, and to lay down rules for their interpretation. The Registrar shall take an oath before the Court of Justice to perform his duties impartially and conscientiously and to preserve the secrecy of the deliberations of the Court of Justice. PROTOCOL AMENDING THE TREATY ESTABLISHING THE EUROPEAN ATOMIC ENERGY COMMUNITY The seat of the Union's institutions shall be determined by common accord of the governments of the Member States. CHAPTER I 29 Recently, the Commission proposed two Draft Amending Budgets ( DAB 1/2020 and 2/2020 ) as part of a comprehensive set of measures to provide support in the fight against the COVID-19 outbreak. Except where otherwise provided for in this Subsection, the acts of the institutions regarding customs legislation for foreign trade shall apply under the same conditions to trade between the customs territory of the Union, on the one hand, and Ceuta and Melilla, on the other.4. (f)