Michel also urged joint action at EU level, saying: "Sometimes it takes a crisis to bring people together." ) The common foreign and security policy shall be put into effect by the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and by the Member States, using national and Union resources.5. Article III-244 Unless the Statute provides otherwise, the provisions of the Constitution relating to the Court of Justice shall apply to the General Court. Flexibility clause The freedom to conduct a business in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices is recognised. In accordance with Article III-382(2) of the Constitution, the President, the Vice-President and the other members of the Executive Board shall be appointed by the European Council, acting by a qualified majority, from among persons of recognised standing and professional experience in monetary or banking matters, on a recommendation from the Council and after consulting the European Parliament and the Governing Council. They shall be engaged and discharged by him. shall be suspended in those areas of the Republic of Cyprus in which the Government of the Republic of Cyprus does not exercise effective control.2. Decisions on the continuation of Union assistance in this field after 2006 will take the situation into account. If the Commission does not submit a proposal, it shall inform the European Parliament of the reasons. 3 (a) If the draft European legislative act originates from a group of Member States, the President of the Council shall forward the reasoned opinion or opinions to the governments of those Member States. Non-discrimination 78 A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the other members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. Without prejudice to the specific provisions of Article 32, the acts of the institutions concerning the common agricultural policy and the common fisheries policy shall not apply to Ceuta or to Melilla. TILL BEVIS HÄRPÅ har undertecknade befullmäktigade undertecknat detta fördrag (b) Estonia (g) The other institutions, any bodies, offices or agencies managing revenue or expenditure on behalf of the Union, any natural or legal person in receipt of payments from the budget, and the national audit bodies or, if these do not have the necessary powers, the competent national departments, shall forward to the Court of Auditors, at its request, any document or information necessary to carry out its task. Sweden In implementing the multiannual framework programme, European laws may make provision, in agreement with the Member States concerned, for participation in research and development programmes undertaken by several Member States, including participation in the structures created for the execution of those programmes. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, "These difficult times are a test for everybody," said Renew Europe member Dacian Cioloș (Romania), calling for solidarity and cooperation in dealing with the health crisis. 7 Draft European legislative acts sent to the European Parliament and to the Council shall be forwarded to national Parliaments. 31. If, by the end of the period referred to in paragraph 3, either no action has been taken by the European Council or if, within 12 months from the submission of a new draft under paragraph 3(b), the European framework law has not been adopted, and at least one third of the Member States wish to establish enhanced cooperation on the basis of the draft framework law concerned, they shall notify the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission accordingly. FINANCIAL PROVISIONS 4. 6 The Union shall establish all appropriate forms of cooperation with the organs of the United Nations and its specialised agencies, the Council of Europe, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. Prior to a crucial urgency vote on the first batch of measures proposed by the Commission to help members states tackle the pandemic in an efficient and coordinated way, MEPs called for EU countries to collaborate and to keep internal borders open to allow medical equipment and goods to be delivered. Acknowledges the need to mobilise additional funds in a fast and non-bureaucratic way to help Member States meet the needs for fighting against COVID-19 and its consequences but stresses that potential misuse of such funds needs to be investigated with enforceable sanctions once the immediate crisis has ended; considers therefore that an enhanced MFF must include adequate resources for the European Public Prosecutor's Office so as to enable it to gain citizens' trust, fight fraud, seize assets and thereby become budget-neutral in the medium term; asks that its budget be financed through Heading 7 (European Public Administration), in a similar way to the European Data Protection Supervisor, the European External Action Service or the European Ombudsman, so as to strengthen its independence; If the Court of Justice of the European Union finds that a national central bank has failed to fulfil an obligation under the Constitution, that bank shall be required to take the necessary measures to comply with the judgment of the Court. PROVISIONS COMMON TO UNION INSTITUTIONS, BODIES, OFFICES AND AGENCIES Only members of the Council representing the participating Member States, with the exception of the Member State in question, shall take part in the vote. These reports shall include an examination of the compatibility between the national legislation of each of these Member States, including the statutes of its national central bank, and Articles III-188 and III-189 and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank. 49 Tehty Roomassa kahdentenakymmenentenäyhdeksäntenä päivänä lokakuuta vuonna kaksituhattaneljä. 3. Article 15 3 666 973 500 4. (c) In the case of public undertakings and undertakings to which Member States grant special or exclusive rights, Member States shall neither enact nor maintain in force any measure contrary to the Constitution, in particular Article I-4(2) and Articles III-161 to III-169.2. Lithuania 37. 12. The Statute may provide for the General Court to be assisted by Advocates-General. European laws or framework laws may establish measures to promote and support the action of Member States in the field of crime prevention, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. *** signature *** Article III-181 14. Spain also notes that, under the current state of European integration reflected in the Constitution, only nationals of Member States are entitled to the specific rights of European citizenship unless Union law expressly provides otherwise. The Court of Justice may at any time entrust any individual, body, authority, committee or other organisation it chooses with the task of giving an expert opinion. Declaration by the Kingdom of Spain and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Should the amendments to the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements not have entered into force by 1 May 2004, the Union shall make the necessary adjustments to its rules for the import of textile and clothing products from third countries to take into account the accession of the new Member States. CHAPTER 13 Article III-435 The Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament. Article I-18 The transport committee will discuss the response to the Covid-19 crisis in the transport sector with Commissioner Adina-Ioana Vălean, on Monday. SECTION 8 Article 24 36. 6 The European Parliament and the Council may, in an urgent situation, agree upon a time-limit for consent. The audit shall be based on records and, if necessary, performed on the spot in the other institutions, or on the premises of any body, office or agency which manages revenue or expenditure on behalf of the Union and in the Member States, including on the premises of any natural or legal person in receipt of payments from the budget. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the European regulations and decisions fixing Common Customs Tariff duties. They shall be appointed by the Council, acting unanimously.5. 4. Underlines that homeless people and other people in precarious housing situations are particularly at risk in the COVID-19 crisis and can often not practice social distancing or follow other protective measures; urges the EU and Member States to implement targeted measures to protect the homeless and to provide financial assistance to those NGOs and local authorities providing frontline assistance, to suspend evictions and to support tenants and mortgage payers; 9. 12 The President of the Court of Justice and the President of the General Court shall determine, by common accord, the conditions under which officials and other servants attached to the Court of Justice shall render their services to the General Court to enable it to function. Pour Son Altesse Royale le Grand-Duc de Luxembourg 9 Paragraph 1 shall not apply to fiscal provisions, to those relating to the free movement of persons or to those relating to the rights and interests of employed persons.3. the fact that in the Member States agriculture constitutes a sector closely linked with the economy as a whole. Companies or firms formed in accordance with the law of a Member State and having their registered office, central administration or principal place of business within the Union shall, for the purposes of this Subsection, be treated in the same way as natural persons who are nationals of Member States. The Union and the Member States shall coordinate their research and technological development activities so as to ensure that national policies and the Union's policy are mutually consistent.2. The Union shall share competence with the Member States where the Constitution confers on it a competence which does not relate to the areas referred to in Articles I-13 and I-17. Noting further the provisions of the Treaty of Establishment regarding customs arrangements between the Sovereign Base Areas and the Republic of Cyprus and in particular those of Annex F to the said Treaty; As some online vendors exploit fears around the coronavirus outbreak to peddle fake cures or hike prices, the EU is taking action. 2. Where, because the common commercial policy and the Common Customs Tariff are not applied to the import of raw materials or intermediate products into Ceuta or into Melilla, imports of a product originating in Ceuta or in Melilla cause, or may cause, serious injury to a producer activity exercised in one or more Member States, the Commission, at the request of a Member State or on its own initiative, may take the appropriate measures. Should the monitoring show that: 1. Paragraph 2 refers to rights which were already expressly guaranteed in the Treaty establishing the European Community and have been recognised in the Charter, and which are now found in other Parts of the Constitution (notably the rights derived from Union citizenship). 7. ), the ISPA programme ( A Member State shall not be liable for or assume the commitments of central governments, regional, local or other public authorities, other bodies governed by public law, or public undertakings of another Member State, without prejudice to mutual financial guarantees for the joint execution of a specific project.2. where, in the case of investments by undertakings in the production sector, interest and amortisation payments are covered out of operating profits or, in the case of other investments, either by a commitment entered into by the State in which the investment is made or by some other means; and, Declaration on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus Article 57