Explanation Yes, we coordinate through Team Europe the allocation of €20 billion [for more information check the fact box further down], but we also need to make sure that member states step up their action, because we need new and fresh money. The acts referred to in this Article shall include necessary provisions on legal safeguards. (a) POLICIES ON BORDER CHECKS, ASYLUM AND IMMIGRATION Declaration on Article I-27 Protocol on permanent structured cooperation established by Article I-41(6) and Article III-312 of the Constitution IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned plenipotentiaries have signed this Treaty (d) A European law of the Council may make the adaptations to the provisions appearing in this Section which may prove necessary as a result of a modification in Union law. ESTABLISHMENT AND FUNCTIONING OF THE INTERNAL MARKET 3. In fulfilling its mandate, the Committee shall establish appropriate contacts with management and labour. HAVING REGARD to the existence for many years of special travel arrangements between the United Kingdom and Ireland, This right includes the possibility to receive free compulsory education.3. The Treaties on the Accession: (b) The effect of the exemption shall be that all provisions of the Constitution and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and the European Central Bank referring to a derogation shall be applicable to Denmark. Article 6 measures in the veterinary and phytosanitary fields which have as their direct objective the protection of public health; The Court of Justice confirmed this case-law in the following terms: &#x2018; In addition, it should be remembered that the requirements flowing from the protection of fundamental rights in the Community legal order are also binding on Member States when they implement Community rules ... &#x2019; (judgment of 13 April 2000, Case C-292/97, [2000] ECR 2737, paragraph 37 of the grounds). (d) The European Central Bank Where an agreement relating to a specific subject matter, concluded by the Council and one or more non-member countries, provides that those countries are to be entitled to submit statements of case or written observations where a court or tribunal of a Member State refers to the Court of Justice for a preliminary ruling on a question falling within the scope of the agreement, the decision of the national court or tribunal containing that question shall also be notified to the non-member countries concerned. Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. by ensuring close cooperation between the competent authorities in the Member States in order to ascertain the particular situation within the Union of the various activities concerned; 47 CHAPTER 5 The Union contributes to the preservation and to the development of these common values while respecting the diversity of the cultures and traditions of the peoples of Europe as well as the national identities of the Member States and the organisation of their public authorities at national, regional and local levels; it seeks to promote balanced and sustainable development and ensures free movement of persons, services, goods and capital, and the freedom of establishment. The European Union shall conduct a common foreign and security policy, based on the development of mutual political solidarity among Member States, the identification of questions of general interest and the achievement of an ever-increasing degree of convergence of Member States' actions.2. Article 6 Risks increase for journalists around the world (c) 55 2. (i) Article 60 (d) employment restructuring shall be implemented; levels of productivity comparable to those obtained by the Union's steel industry product groups shall be reached as at 31 December 2006, on the basis of the consolidated figures of the benefiting companies concerned; Article III-383 The decision concerns European structural and investment funds that support the development of regions, the fishing industry and social policy measures, such as retraining laid-off workers. GENERAL PROVISIONS (c) Article 65 54 The Committee of the Regions shall have its seat in Brussels.8. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall take part in its work.3. ) to Protocol No 28 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. If a Member State considers that imports of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles, made either directly or through another Member State under the system provided for in Article 2, are giving rise to real difficulties on its market and that immediate action is necessary to meet them, it may on its own initiative decide to apply customs duties to such imports, the rate of which may not exceed those of the customs duties applicable to third countries in respect of the same products. Coffee, tea and spices, excluding maté (heading 0903 ) SECTION 6 ) (g) The Commission, in cooperation with Member States, shall keep under constant review all systems of aid existing in those States. Article III-322 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. 28 23 The Member States recognise the need to monitor regularly the progress made towards achieving economic, social and territorial cohesion, and state their willingness to study all necessary measures in this respect.8. It is based in particular on Court of Justice case-law regarding television, particularly in case C-288/89 (judgment of 25 July 1991, Stichting Collectieve Antennevoorziening Gouda and others [1991] ECR I-4007), and on the Protocol on the system of public broadcasting in the Member States annexed to the EC Treaty and now to the Constitution, and on Council Directive 89/552/EC (particularly its seventeenth recital). The European Ombudsman shall be completely independent in the performance of his or her duties. The Council shall act in accordance with Article III-300(1) where this decision has defence implications. Since the start of the outbreak, thousands of EU citizens have been brought back. Article II-73 2. Covid-19: EU support for the tourism industry Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, the Hellenic Republic shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the European Atomic Energy Community by the holders of such licences. WHEREAS the Court of Justice of the European Union has jurisdiction to ensure that in the interpretation and application of Article I-9(1) and (3) of the Constitution the law is observed by the Union; 1 7 carry out the former tasks of the European Monetary Cooperation Fund which had subsequently been taken over by the European Monetary Institute. 4 In that case Article 2 applies. Luxembourg OVERSEAS COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES TO WHICH TITLE IV OF PART III OF THE CONSTITUTION APPLIES This Article shall not affect the competence of the Member States concerning the geographical demarcation of their borders, in accordance with international law. No Member State shall impose, directly or indirectly, on the products of other Member States any internal taxation of any kind in excess of that imposed directly or indirectly on similar domestic products. The tasks of the Committee shall be: On application by a Member State or on its own initiative, and in cooperation with the competent authorities in the Member States, which shall give it their assistance, the Commission shall investigate cases of suspected infringement of these principles. The Council shall appoint a Secretary-General in conformity with Article III-344(2) of the Constitution. The General Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine actions or proceedings brought against decisions of the specialised courts. The principle of equality shall not prevent the maintenance or adoption of measures providing for specific advantages in favour of the under-represented sex. A system shall be introduced in the Union particularly to: (a) Each director shall have one vote on the Board of Directors. The European Commission (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Commission &#x2019; ), A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. Article II-103 THE GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN, 370 For this purpose and in order to guarantee a thorough judicial review of European decisions subjecting an individual or entity to restrictive measures, such decisions must be based on clear and distinct criteria. Research teams will share their results in an effort to speed up the public health response. MEPs call for support for artists affected by the pandemic France may keep the privilege of monetary emission in New Caledonia, French Polynesia and Wallis and Futuna under the terms established by its national laws and shall be solely entitled to determine the parity of the Pacific Financial Community franc. If the Commission considers that an excessive deficit in a Member State exists or may occur, it shall address an opinion to the Member State concerned and shall inform the Council accordingly. This Title shall apply in the light of the Declaration on the transit of persons by land between the region of Kaliningrad and other parts of the Russian Federation, which incorporates, without altering its legal affect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 5 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. 1. 1. By way of derogation from paragraph 2, a European law or framework law of the Council shall establish the measures referred to therein when they are primarily of a fiscal nature. The Union's development cooperation policy and that of the Member States shall complement and reinforce each other.