This law or framework law shall enter into force after it has been approved by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. Article III-429 Between 1 May 2004 and the end of 2006, the Union shall provide temporary financial assistance, hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Transition Facility &#x2019; , to the new Member States to develop and strengthen their administrative capacity to implement and enforce Union and European Atomic Energy Community law and to foster exchange of best practice among peers. Article III-264 2006: Short-time work schemes would allow families to maintain their incomes and continue paying their bills, while firms would be able to protect production capacity and employees, ensuring market stability. 3. (b) 112,3 Such measures must cause the least possible disturbance in the functioning of the internal market and must not be wider in scope than is strictly necessary to remedy the sudden difficulties which have arisen.2. (c) Article 3 I. 1. ex 22 09( Protocol on the acquisition of property in Denmark (e) In Friday's extraordinary plenary session, the European Parliament endorsed the "Corona Response Investment Initiative Plus" (CRII+) package proposed by the European Commission on 2 April by means of an urgency procedure. 1. (e) 11. For the purposes of paragraph 2, European laws shall lay down in advance the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers.4. GENERAL PROVISIONS GOVERNING THE INTERPRETATION AND APPLICATION OF THE CHARTER 2. Explanation The amendments shall enter into force after being ratified by all the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. - Article III-364 Subject to paragraph 2, the United Kingdom shall be responsible for the implementation of this Title in the Sovereign Base Areas. (a) A joint European response to COVID-19 is crucial, also post-lockdown International cooperation Article 59 &#x2018; government &#x2019; means general government, that is central government, regional or local government and social security funds, to the exclusion of commercial operations, as defined in the European System of Integrated Economic Accounts; For the purposes of this paragraph, unanimity shall be constituted by the votes of the representatives of the participating Member States only. 6 27,95 No one shall be condemned to the death penalty, or executed. On 23 March, Didier Reynders, the commissioner responsible for justice and consumers, wrote to various platforms, social media, search engines and market places to ask for their their cooperation in taking down scams such as fake cures for the coronavirus from their platforms. A European law of the European Parliament shall lay down the regulations and general conditions governing the performance of the Ombudsman's duties. THE PRESIDENT OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC, PROVISIONS ON ABORTION IN MALTA Article I-30 Als Beobachter bei der Konferenz haben in ihrer Eigenschaft als Kandidaten für den Beitritt zur Europäischen Union ferner diese Schlussakte unterzeichnet: Lietuvos Respublikos Prezidento vardu FINANCIAL PROVISIONS The proposal must be made within one month of delivery of the decision by the General Court. Everyone has the right to freedom of expression. 2019 was the least deadly in 16 years with 49 cases of killed journalists across the world , due to the decrease in number of deaths in armed conflicts (44% less than the previous year). Everyone has the right to the protection of personal data concerning him or her.2. The Council shall act having received a recommendation of a qualified majority of those among its members representing Member States whose currency is the euro. Article II-87 3. 12 Transitional provisions for the capital of the European Central Bank 44. CHAPTER II Right of access to placement services University teachers being nationals of a Member State whose law accords them a right of audience shall have the same rights before the Court of Justice as are accorded by this Article to lawyers. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may unanimously adopt a European decision making changes to the list of 15 April 1958 of the products to which the provisions of paragraph 1(b) apply. or less. 2005 (3) to accede to those which, by 1 May 2004, have been opened for signature by the present Member States, and to those which have been drawn up by the Council in accordance with Title VI of the EU Treaty and recommended to the Member States for adoption; (b) In accordance with the second subparagraph of Article I-20(2) of the Constitution, the European Council shall adopt a European decision determining the composition of the European Parliament sufficiently in advance of the 2009 European Parliament elections. They shall refrain from any action incompatible with their duties.4. (a) The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. Article II-64 TRANSPORT Calls for the measures adopted by the EU and by Member States to respect the rights of persons with disabilities in line with the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities; stresses that particular attention should be given to equal access to healthcare, and ensuring that community-based care and support services, needed by persons with disabilities on a daily basis, are funded and well equipped and staffed; stresses also that public information concerning the COVID-19 pandemic should be accessible to the widest range of persons with disabilities, and that persons with disabilities should be included in all income protection measures; (a) ( Article 66 Celex Test Article III-212 The European Parliament shall elect its President and its officers from among its members. The European Commission has also unlocked €1 billion from the European Fund for Strategic Investments, that will allow the European Investment Fund to issue guarantees to encourage banks and other lenders to provide up to €8 billion of liquidity in support to some 100,000 European businesses. Article 3, Articles 107 to 132, Articles 136 to 143, Articles 146 to 156, Articles 158 to 163, Articles 165 to 170, Articles 173 and 173A, Article 175, Articles 177 to 179a, and Articles 180b, 181, 183, 183A, 190 and 204 of the EAEC Treaty shall be repealed.2. 1. 18 The European Parliament may ask questions of the Council and of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs or make recommendations to them. British Virgin Islands Explanation 1. The employment of children is prohibited. &#x2018; In the determination of his civil rights and obligations or of any criminal charge against him, everyone is entitled to a fair and public hearing within a reasonable time by an independent and impartial tribunal established by law. The import into the Union of products having been the subject of the operations referred to in paragraph 2 shall be carried out subject to suspension, in part or in whole, of the Common Customs Tariff duties or subject to a special system of charges, under the conditions and within the limits of additionality fixed annually in relation to the volume of fishing possibilities deriving from the agreements in question and from their accompanying detailed rules. - In the same circumstances, the Court of Justice may also decide to stay the proceedings before it. European laws or framework laws shall lay down the necessary measures in the fields of the prevention of and fight against fraud affecting the Union's financial interests with a view to affording effective and equivalent protection in the Member States and in all the Union's institutions, bodies, offices and agencies. In the event of abrogation of the exemption status, the provisions of this Protocol shall cease to apply. 12. Austria 42 Article III-191 2. The guidelines and toolbox for developing any Covid-19 related apps, prepared by the Commission in cooperation with member states, European Data Protection Supervisor , and European Data Protection Board aim at guaranteeing sufficient protection of data and limiting intrusiveness. The modalities and limits for the exercise of collective action, including strike action, come under national laws and practices, including the question of whether it may be carried out in parallel in several Member States.