tourism; Given the level of protection of fundamental rights and freedoms by the Member States of the European Union, Member States shall be regarded as constituting safe countries of origin in respect of each other for all legal and practical purposes in relation to asylum matters. None of the provisions of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, no measure adopted pursuant to that Chapter, no provision of any international agreement concluded by the Union pursuant to that Chapter, and no decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union interpreting any such provision or measure shall be binding upon or applicable in Denmark; and no such provision, measure or decision shall in any way affect the competences, rights and obligations of Denmark; and no such provision, measure or decision shall in any way affect the Community or Union acquis nor form part of Union law as they apply to Denmark. 3. The Union and the Member States concerned shall use their best endeavours to develop and utilise the additional railway capacity referred to in Annex 3 ( Immunity shall likewise apply to members while they are travelling to and from the place of meeting of the European Parliament. Slovenia two alternates nominated by the Italian Republic, The expression &#x2018; working conditions &#x2019; must be understood in the sense of Article III-213 of the Constitution. acquis 2. Declaration by the Kingdom of the Netherlands on Article I-55 (a) Article 62 99 Article III-157 10. The Judges and Advocates-General of the Court of Justice shall be chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices in their respective countries or who are jurisconsults of recognised competence; they shall be appointed by common accord of the governments of the Member States after consultation of the panel provided for in Article III-357. In accordance with the conditions laid down by the European law referred to in Article III-412, any appropriations, other than those relating to staff expenditure, that are unexpended at the end of the financial year may be carried forward to the next financial year only. Article III-298 The unanimity of the members of the Council, with the exception of the representative of the government of Denmark, shall be necessary for the acts of the Council which must be adopted unanimously. Preparatory activities for the tasks referred to in Article I-41(1) and Article III-309 which are not charged to the Union budget shall be financed by a start-up fund made up of Member States' contributions. Article 14 of the Protocol on the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank shall not affect the right of the National Bank of Denmark to carry out its existing tasks concerning those parts of Denmark which are not part of the Union. These amendments shall not enter into force until they are approved by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements.3. The rights enjoyed by Channel Islanders or Manxmen in the United Kingdom shall not be affected by Union law. For Hendes Majestæt Danmarks Dronning The European Central Bank shall be subject to the liability regime provided for in Article III-431 of the Constitution. PROTOCOL ON THE TREATIES AND ACTS OF ACCESSION OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK, IRELAND AND THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND, OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC, OF THE KINGDOM OF SPAIN AND THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC, AND OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA, THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND AND THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN (e) "It is in no one's interest to fly empty aircraft and it comes at great environmental and economic cost. He said that Europe needed a Marshall Plan, a digital strategy and the Green Deal as well as "ambition to implement its strategy". of the Hellenic Republic; Declarations concerning Protocols annexed to the Constitution ) A Committee of Permanent Representatives of the Governments of the Member States shall be responsible for preparing the work of the Council.6. The Commission shall as far as possible avoid making such transfers if it possesses cash or liquid assets in the currencies which it needs. ( ), or the corresponding provision in any Decision replacing it, shall include the customs duties calculated on the basis of the rates resulting from the Common Customs Tariff and any tariff concession relating thereto applied by the Union in the new Member States' trade with third countries.2. The capital may be increased by such amounts as stipulated by a European decision by the Governing Council acting by the qualified majority provided for in Article 10(3), within the limits and under the conditions set by the Council under the procedure laid down in Article 41.2. (b) The objective of a high level of employment shall be taken into consideration in the formulation and implementation of Union policies and activities. 35. The Union may conclude with third countries and competent international organisations any agreement helping to achieve the objectives referred to in paragraph 1 and in Article III-292. Article 6 acquis (n) Explanation Human dignity is inviolable. Newly arrived and rescued people are kept in separate areas until their medical screening has been completed. two alternates nominated by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, (c) 2. These consultations will focus on the backgrounds of the candidates for President of the Commission, taking account of the elections to the European Parliament, in accordance with Article I-27(1). to keep under review the economic and financial situation of the Member States and of the Union and to report on it regularly to the Council and to the Commission, in particular with regard to financial relations with third countries and international institutions; For the purposes of this Article, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. As regards seasonal workers , who are crucial for planting, tending and harvesting, EU countries are encouraged to treat them as critical workers, exchange information on their needs and ensure their smooth passage across borders. CHAPTER II MEPs called for a European information source to ensure that all citizens have access to accurate and verified information and asked social media companies to tackle myths and propaganda. 1. Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs The national central banks shall be liable according to their respective national laws.4. These guidelines shall be consistent with the broad guidelines adopted pursuant to Article III-179(2). Right to good administration 12 CHAPTER VIII ). Article 13 1. Article 3 Law No 4171/61 (General measures to aid development of the country's economy), (b) ENHANCED COOPERATION Family and professional life and modernisation measures of conventional production capacity to replace the production capacity of the two Ignalina nuclear power plant reactors; and other measures which are consequential to the decision to close and decommission this plant and which contribute to the necessary restructuring, environmental upgrading and modernisation of the energy production, transmission and distribution sectors in Lithuania as well as to enhancing the security of energy supply and improving energy efficiency in Lithuania.4. 10. Hungary (a) Article III-214 HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which are annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Freedom to provide services 3. (a) Workers and employers, or their respective organisations, have, in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices, the right to negotiate and conclude collective agreements at the appropriate levels and, in cases of conflicts of interest, to take collective action to defend their interests, including strike action. AREAS WHERE THE UNION MAY TAKE COORDINATING, COMPLEMENTARY OR SUPPORTING ACTION TITLE V PREAMBLE As more people are staying at home due to self-isolation and social distancing, online shopping is on the rise. L. whereas this is a moment of truth for the Union that will determine its future and that can only pull through this crisis if Member States and European institutions stand together in solidarity and responsibility, and when a strong and united voice of the European Parliament is needed more than ever; - (a) Member states can also contribute financially and people or foundations can make donations. Article 27 Article 9 The European Council shall act by a qualified majority. 100 000 tonnes The obligation to provide prior information shall not apply to measures which are merely a national transposition of such a decision.4. COMMON PROVISIONS SECTION 1 European regulations to the extent necessary to implement the tasks defined in Article 3(1)(a), Article 19(1), Article 22 or Article 25(2) of this Statute and in cases which shall be laid down in the European regulations and decisions referred to in Article 41; This Treaty may also be translated into any other languages as determined by Member States among those which, in accordance with their constitutional order, enjoy official status in all or part of their territory.