The second paragraph corresponds to Article 6(1) of the ECHR which reads as follows: 27. 2006 CHAPTER III (b) Article III-208 Article 3 Equality before the law (a) Article III-133 Part Three, Title I, Chapter 1 RESOLVED to establish the conditions for the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, as laid down in Article I-11 of the Constitution, and to establish a system for monitoring the application of those principles, PROTOCOL ON PERMANENT STRUCTURED COOPERATION ESTABLISHED BY ARTICLE I-41(6) AND ARTICLE III-312 OF THE CONSTITUTION Such authorisation may be revoked and such conditions and details may be changed by the Council. Article 3(3) shall be applicable to such decision of the Commission.2. Article III-226 119,2 1. It has been recognised on numerous occasions by the case-law of the Court of Justice, initially in the Hauer judgment (13 December 1979, ECR [1979] 3727). It places the individual at the heart of its activities, by establishing the citizenship of the Union and by creating an area of freedom, security and justice. Article 8 By way of derogation from Article III-325, where agreements on matters relating to the monetary or exchange-rate system are to be the subject of negotiations between the Union and one or more third States or international organisations, the Council, acting on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank, shall decide the arrangements for the negotiation and for the conclusion of such agreements. The Union shall respect cultural, religious and linguistic diversity. By way of derogation from Article III-380 of the Constitution, decisions of the General Court declaring a European law or European regulation binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States to be void shall take effect only as from the date of expiry of the period referred to in the first paragraph of Article 56 of this Statute or, if an appeal shall have been brought within that period, as from the date of dismissal of the appeal, without prejudice, however, to the right of a party to apply to the Court of Justice, pursuant to Article III-379(1) and (2) of the Constitution, and Article 157 of the EAEC Treaty for the suspension of the effects of the European law or European regulation which has been declared void or for the prescription of any other interim measure. Voluntary withdrawal from the Union If the Member State which has ignored the recommendation of the Commission causes distortion detrimental only to itself, Article III-174 shall not apply. SECTION 2 Unrendered fats of bovine cattle, sheep or goats; tallow (including &#x2018; premier jus &#x2019; ) produced from those fats (c) Article III-121 Paragraph 2 incorporates the relevant case-law from the European Court of Human Rights regarding Article 3 of the ECHR (see Ahmed v Austria, judgment of 17 December 1996, [1996] ECR VI-2206 and Soering, judgment of 7 July 1989). The sectors in which Denmark shall make information available to the European Atomic Energy Community are as follows: Hungary 625 000 tonnes Members of the governing bodies and the staff of the European Central Bank and the national central banks shall be required, even after their duties have ceased, not to disclose information of the kind covered by the obligation of professional secrecy.2. Declaration by the Kingdom of Spain and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Article 2 Article III-315 Some 361 journalists are currently detained, down from 389 cases at the end of 2019. Accordingly, as long as they maintain such arrangements, the provisions of Article 1 of this Protocol shall apply to Ireland under the same terms and conditions as for the United Kingdom. However, by decision of the Board of Governors, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Board of Directors, the Bank may grant financing for investment to be carried out, in whole or in part, outside the territories of Member States. 5. a) No one may be deprived of his or her possessions, except in the public interest and in the cases and under the conditions provided for by law, subject to fair compensation being paid in good time for their loss. The prohibition provided for in paragraph 1 shall not apply to tariffs fixed to meet competition. They believe that such a development will ensue not only from the functioning of the internal market, which will favour the harmonisation of social systems, but also from the procedures provided for in the Constitution and from the approximation of provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action of the Member States. Where a case is referred back to the General Court, that Court shall be bound by the decision of the Court of Justice on points of law. Tehty Roomassa kahdentenakymmenentenäyhdeksäntenä päivänä lokakuuta vuonna kaksituhattaneljä. It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. He supported steps against empty flights, and said well-organised supply chains are the means to stabilise Europe and fight the disease. CONSIDERING THAT Article IV-437(2) of the Constitution provides that the Treaties concerning the accessions referred to above shall be repealed; The hosting state will be responsible for procuring the equipment. Article 1 The Commission will finance 100% of the medical supplies. The Judges may not hold any political or administrative office. Citizenship of the Union shall be additional to national citizenship and shall not replace it. The Union will take into account the particular situation of small-sized countries which maintain specific relations of proximity with it. 1. On 22 April the Commission announced additional exceptional measures , including private storage aid for dairy and meat products, more flexibility in market support programmes and derogation form the competition rules for milk, flowers and potatoes sectors. It shall act on the initiative of the President of the Court of Justice. The right guaranteed in this Article is the right guaranteed by Articles I-10 and III-334 of the Constitution. Article 9 The provisions of this Title shall apply in the light of the Declaration on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus, which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 3 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. Among the regions concerned, particular attention shall be paid to rural areas, areas affected by industrial transition, and regions which suffer from severe and permanent natural or demographic handicaps such as the northernmost regions with very low population density and island, cross-border and mountain regions. (a) The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt a European decision laying down detailed provisions concerning the composition of the Economic and Financial Committee. Geschehen zu Rom am neunundzwanzigsten Oktober zweitausendundvier. 50. Explanation 7 NOTING the proposal to take greater account of the relative prosperity of Member States in the system of own resources, Re-routing at the earliest convenience 17,85 European laws or framework laws shall establish measures to: 1 Roma, divi tukstosi ceturta gada divdesmit devitaja oktobri (c) Article 55 the right of every person to be heard, before any individual measure which would affect him or her adversely is taken; (d) 1. 1. (b) A conference of representatives of the governments of the Member States shall be convened by the President of the Council for the purpose of determining by common accord the amendments to be made to this Treaty. the prohibition of eugenic practices, in particular those aiming at the selection of persons; "We see that globalisation and wanting more and more are not always the answer, but come at the expense of resilience and capacity to deal with shocks," said Greens/EFA member Philippe Lamberts (Belgium). Article 17 protect democratic institutions and the civilian population from any terrorist attack; False claims can be about anything from masks and caps to drugs and hand sanitiser - erroneously labelled as the only cure for coronavirus or the only protection against the coronavirus - and sold at many times their actual worth. Article 71 3. Fait à Rome, le vingt-neuf octobre deux mille quatre. By way of derogation from Article I-12(5) and Article I-17(a) and in accordance with Article I-14(2)(k), European laws or framework laws shall contribute to the achievement of the objectives referred to in this Article by establishing the following measures in order to meet common safety concerns: Article I-10 EU countries join forces under the joint procurement agreement to purchase protective equipment (such as gloves, masks, overalls), ventilators and testing kits. SECTION 2 On the basis of the conclusions of the European Council, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall each year adopt guidelines which the Member States shall take into account in their employment policies. 1. CHAPTER 2 Officials and other servants shall be attached to the Court of Justice to enable it to function.