Article III-300 the fulfilment by Member States of obligations under the Statute of the European Investment Bank. 9 Freedom of assembly and of association Fait à Rome, le vingt-neuf octobre deux mille quatre. Article 1 References to the common agricultural policy or to agriculture, and the use of the term &#x2018; agricultural &#x2019; , shall be understood as also referring to fisheries, having regard to the specific characteristics of this sector. BELIEVING that Europe, reunited after bitter experiences, intends to continue along the path of civilisation, progress and prosperity, for the good of all its inhabitants, including the weakest and most deprived; that it wishes to remain a continent open to culture, learning and social progress; and that it wishes to deepen the democratic and transparent nature of its public life, and to strive for peace, justice and solidarity throughout the world, ( TITLE III In the context of the principles and objectives of its external action, the Union shall define and implement a common foreign and security policy covering all areas of foreign and security policy. CHAPTER 12 Proposes the creation of an EU COVID-19 Solidarity Fund of at least EUR 50 billion, consisting of up to EUR 20 billion outside the MFF ceilings in grants and up to EUR 30 billion in loans, guaranteed by the EU Budget, (both frontloaded in the first 2 years of the next MFF or, failing an agreement on the MFF in due time, spread over the contingency period), supporting the financial efforts undertaken by the healthcare sectors of all Member States during the current crisis, as well as investments in the healthcare sector in the post-crisis period in order to make health-care systems more resilient and focused on those most in need; It shall act after consulting the European Parliament, the Committee of the Regions, the Economic and Social Committee and the Employment Committee. Subsection 7 25% of student exchanges were cancelled due to Covid-19 For the purposes of Article III-184 of the Constitution and of this Protocol: SECTION 3 1. Article 33 The currency of the Union shall be the euro. Article II-83 - having regard to Rule 132(2) and (4) of its Rules of Procedure, A European law of the Council shall lay down the multiannual financial framework. Collection of statistical information internal market; establish the scientific and technological objectives to be achieved by the activities provided for in Article III-249 and lay down the relevant priorities; OJ L 248, 16.9.2002, p. Article 21 The latter aggregate amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount subscribed (whether or not paid in) for any equity participation of the Bank. Prohibition of quantitative restrictions 2. But these measures clearly have a severe social and economic impact on the lives of citizens across Europe, including direct and indirect effects in the fields of education and culture", said the Chair of the EP Culture and Education Committee Sabine Verheyen (EPP, DE) on Tuesday. If a new Member State encounters difficulties in adjusting an agreement concluded with one or more third countries before accession, it shall, according to the terms of the agreement, withdraw from that agreement. Witnesses may be heard under conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure. For the purposes of this Protocol: Member States undertake not to submit a dispute concerning the interpretation or application of the Constitution to any method of settlement other than those provided for therein.3. ), they have the same meaning and scope. CHAPTER III Everyone has the right to life.2. (c) Article III-349 Be aware that sometimes they can be innocently shared by a friend or family member who has been fooled and thinks they are helping you. 17,85 When the European laws or framework laws referred to in paragraph 2 are adopted, account shall be taken of cases where their application might seriously affect the standard of living and level of employment in certain regions, and the operation of transport facilities. issue of the euro (Article III-186); 2. ) are already included in the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, adopted by the Council of Europe (ETS 164 and additional protocol ETS 168). among the aids applied in Austria, Finland and Sweden prior to 1 January 1995, only those notified to the Commission by 30 April 1995 will be deemed to be existing aids within the meaning of Article III-168(1) of the Constitution; Article 1 Baigiamaji akta taip pat pasiraso i Europos Sajunga stojancios valstybes kandidates, Konferencijos stebetojos: Article III-127 ) Principles of legality and proportionality of criminal offences and penalties Expresses its deepest sorrow at the loss of lives and the human tragedy that the pandemic has brought to Europeans and their families and to citizens all over the globe and extends its condolences to all those who have lost loved ones; expresses its heartfelt sympathy with all those affected by the virus and who are fighting for their lives as well as with their families and friends; Likewise, where an application or other procedural document addressed to the Court of Justice is lodged by mistake with the Registrar of the General Court, it shall be transmitted immediately by that Registrar to the Registrar of the Court of Justice. What the EU is doing 1. In accordance with Article III-190 of the Constitution, the European Central Bank shall adopt: PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL AND THE COUNCIL - Freedom of movement and of residence The temporary suspension means that airlines are not obliged to use their planned take-off and landing slots to keep them in the next corresponding season. 1. Czech Republic If the members of the Council qualifying their abstention in this way represent at least one third of the Member States comprising at least one third of the population of the Union, the decision shall not be adopted. 1. Explanation The Secretariat of the General Council shall be provided by the European Central Bank. 3. *** signature *** (c) It shall act after consulting the European Parliament: That includes apps and technologies to control the spread patterns of the pandemics." Article II-80 in Union law; see Articles 54 to 58 of the Schengen Convention and the judgment of the Court of Justice of 11 February 2003, C-187/01 Gözütok (not yet published), Article 7 of the Convention on the Protection of the European Communities' Financial Interests and Article 10 of the Convention on the fight against corruption. Protocol on certain provisions relating to Denmark as regards economic and monetary union The procedure before the General Court shall be governed by Title III. External operations Article I-55 Protocol concerning Article III-214 of the Constitution Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 ( Article 27 It should not, however, involve the mutualisation of existing debt, but focus on future investment. ) The coordination of economic and employment policies EU emergency funds set to support national health systems (c) Underlines that the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union and compliance with the rule of law must continue to apply, and that in the context of emergency measures, the authorities must ensure that everyone enjoys the same rights and protection; emphasises that all measures taken at national and/or EU level must be in line with the rule of law, strictly proportionate to the exigencies of the situation, clearly related to the ongoing health crisis, limited in time and subjected to regular scrutiny; deems it totally incompatible with European values both the decision from the Hungarian Government to prolong the state of emergency indefinitely, to authorise the Government to rule by decree without time limit, and to weaken the emergency oversight of the Parliament, and the steps taken by the Polish Government - namely changing the electoral code against the judgment of Constitutional Tribunal and provisions laid by law - to hold Presidential elections in the middle of a pandemic, which may endanger the lives of Polish citizens and undermine the concept of free, equal, direct and secret elections as enshrined in the Polish Constitution; Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and to freedom of association at all levels, in particular in political, trade union and civic matters, which implies the right of everyone to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his or her interests. DRAFT EUROPEAN DECISION OF THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL ON THE EXERCISE OF THE PRESIDENCY OF THE COUNCIL Find out what the European Parliament is doing to protect passenger rights across the EU . Appropriations shall be classified under different chapters grouping items of expenditure according to their nature or purpose and subdivided in accordance with the European law referred to in Article III-412. The first Commission appointed under the provisions of the Constitution shall consist of one national of each Member State, including its President and the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs who shall be one of its Vice-Presidents. Before giving a discharge to the Commission, or for any other purpose in connection with the exercise of its powers over the implementation of the budget, the European Parliament may ask to hear the Commission give evidence with regard to the execution of expenditure or the operation of financial control systems. EU countries were due to return almost €8 billion in unused pre-financing for 2019, so the European Commission proposed that they keep that money and use it for new projects mitigating the effects of the coronavirus crisis. Article III-153 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports, exports or goods in transit justified on grounds of public morality, public policy or public security; the protection of health and life of humans, animals or plants; the protection of national treasures possessing artistic, historic or archaeological value; or the protection of industrial and commercial property. Romania Article 4 THE CONFERENCE,