The information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall mainly concern: (i) If the Union decides to apply quantitative restrictions to petroleum products, no matter whence they are imported, these restrictions may also be applied to imports of such products from the Netherlands Antilles. No further State aid shall be granted as part of the sale of any company or individual assets. Article III-329 The Economic and Financial Committee set up under Article III-192 shall formulate an opinion on the Commission's report.5. The European Council shall elect its President, by a qualified majority, for a term of two and a half years, renewable once. Principles may be implemented through legislative or executive acts (adopted by the Union in accordance with its powers, and by the Member States only when they implement Union law); accordingly, they become significant for the Courts only when such acts are interpreted or reviewed. financial control; If action by the Union should prove necessary, within the framework of the policies defined in Part III, to attain one of the objectives set out in the Constitution, and the Constitution has not provided the necessary powers, the Council of Ministers, acting unanimously on a proposal from the European Commission and after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament, shall adopt the appropriate measures.2. Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, the United Kingdom shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to the Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community by the holders of such licences. To help the EU recover from the economic and social impact of the pandemic, the European Commission will come up with a fresh proposal for the EU's long-term budget for 2021-2027, which will include a stimulus package. In defining and implementing the policies and actions referred to in this Part, the Union shall take into account requirements linked to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection, the fight against social exclusion, and a high level of education, training and protection of human health. 1. CHAPTER 45 The case list shall be established by the President. Protocol on asylum for nationals of Member States (2) Article 11 12 Article 16 Belgo/Luxembourg Economic Union Article 17 The Union shall also support the achievement of these objectives by the action it takes through the Structural Funds (European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, Guidance Section; European Social Fund; European Regional Development Fund), the European Investment Bank and the other existing financial instruments. Finland ) Article 33 Article 4 The detailed arrangements for implementing this Article are set out in Article III-329. 35 the conditions under which non-resident carriers may operate transport services within a Member State; The Council shall have its seat in Brussels. 3,40 Within their respective spheres of competence, the Union and the Member States shall cooperate with third countries and the competent international organisations. The extension of the EU Solidarity Fund to cover public health emergencies. 2. Article 12 Tasks 1. TITLE III Budgetary and economic challenges facing the Member States underline the importance of sound budgetary policy throughout the economic cycle. (c) Hot Rolling Mills Nos 1 and 2 shall be permanently closed at the end of 2004; Funding research and innovation projects to find a cure for Covid-19 is a vital part of that plan. It also draws on the provisions of some national constitutions. Prime Minister The European Union is the only place in the world where everyone travelling by plane, rail, ship and bus is protected by a full set of passenger rights. 1. 1. BEARING IN MIND the Protocol on the Schengen acquis integrated into the framework of the European Union, Lithuania Article III-199 of the Constitution and Articles 43 to 47 of the Statute shall have effect, whether or not there is any Member State with a derogation, subject to the following amendments: Representatives of the Union bodies, offices and agencies concerned may be involved in the proceedings of this committee. (b) Articles 65 to 71 shall apply to measures relating to the provision of rail and combined transport crossing the territory of Austria. G. whereas the measures taken by governments should always respect the fundamental rights of each and every individual; whereas these measures should be necessary, proportional and temporary; Article I-54 ( The United Kingdom and Ireland may continue to make arrangements between themselves relating to the movement of persons between their territories ( &#x00AB; the Common Travel Area &#x00BB; ), while fully respecting the rights of persons referred to in Article 1, first paragraph, point (a), of this Protocol. Belgium The European Council shall define the strategic guidelines for legislative and operational planning within the area of freedom, security and justice. (b) THE MEMBER STATES OF THE COMMUNITY Member States, institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union and any other natural or legal persons may, in cases and under conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure, institute third-party proceedings to contest a judgment rendered without their being heard, where the judgment is prejudicial to their rights. ) is to determine the scope of the Charter. 6. The Commission shall submit annually to the European Parliament and to the Council the accounts of the preceding financial year relating to the implementation of the budget. 9. Within the framework of this Subsection, restrictions on freedom to provide services within the Union shall be prohibited in respect of nationals of Member States who are established in a Member State other than that of the person for whom the services are intended. Opening the debate, President David Sassoli reiterated that the Parliament would not cease to function despite the pandemic. Hungary The voting rights of the United Kingdom shall be suspended for the adoption by the Council of the measures referred to in the Articles listed in Article 4 and in the instances referred to in the first subparagraph of Article III-197(4) of the Constitution. Article III-126 A vacancy caused by resignation, compulsory retirement or death shall be filled for the remainder of the member's term of office by a new member of the same nationality appointed by the Council, by common accord with the President of the Commission, after consulting the European Parliament and in accordance with the criteria set out in Article I-26(4). Protocol on asylum for nationals of Member States The Covid-19 crisis has hit the media sector hard at a time when it plays a crucial role in providing accurate information and countering disinformation about the pandemic. Regulation (EEC) No 3906/89 ( (a) (iv) Article 68 Article 8 12 If, two years after the signature of the treaty amending this Treaty, four fifths of the Member States have ratified it and one or more Member States have encountered difficulties in proceeding with ratification, the matter shall be referred to the European Council. The Governing Council may decide that national central banks shall be indemnified against costs incurred in connection with the issue of banknotes or in exceptional circumstances for specific losses arising from monetary policy operations undertaken for the European System of Central Banks. SECTION 3 HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: A recommendation made by the European Central Bank under this Article shall require a unanimous decision by the Governing Council. In preparing its policy on the environment, the Union shall take account of: It shall remain in force at least until 2014. Article 16 By waiving the rule that obliges airlines to operate their planned take-off and landing slots to keep them the following season, the EU is ending unnecessary emissions and helping airlines adjust to lower demand. The Court of Justice shall remain permanently in session. The European Council, on the basis of the report from the Council, shall discuss a conclusion on the broad guidelines of the economic policies of the Member States and of the Union. Europe's citizens will remember the decisions and actions we take today." The same shall apply to agreements concluded between Member States on the basis of the treaties and acts repealed by Article IV-437. The Economic and Social Committee shall consist of representatives of organisations of employers, of the employed, and of other parties representative of civil society, notably in socio-economic, civic, professional and cultural areas.4. The Governing Council shall take the necessary steps to ensure compliance with the guidelines and instructions of the European Central Bank, and shall require that any necessary information be given to it.4. 1. The Union shall endeavour to ensure a high level of security through measures to prevent and combat crime, racism and xenophobia, and through measures for coordination and cooperation between police and judicial authorities and other competent authorities, as well as through the mutual recognition of judgments in criminal matters and, if necessary, through the approximation of criminal laws.4. Succession and legal continuity