Workers shall have the right to move freely within the Union.2. Find out how the EU is helping them. (b) DESIRING to lay down the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank provided for in Articles I-30 and III-187(2) of the Constitution, The implementation of the restructuring shall take place under conditions of full transparency and on the basis of sound market economy principles.12. Financial package contains additional funds, e.g. to help Greece tackle migratory pressures Every child shall have the right to maintain on a regular basis a personal relationship and direct contact with both his or her parents, unless that is contrary to his or her interests. Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, the Portuguese Republic shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community by the holders of such licences. request the Commission or the group of Member States from which the draft originates to submit a new draft; in that case, the act originally proposed shall be deemed not to have been adopted. One in three passengers is not from the EU country organising the flight. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS ON THE EUROPEAN INVESTMENT BANK Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union Their term of office shall be renewable. (a) 3. in this field: Cyprus Retiring Judges and Advocates-General may be reappointed. Article III-180 The European Central Bank and national central banks may provide facilities, and the European Central Bank may make regulations, to ensure efficient and sound clearing and payment systems within the Union and with other countries. The European Convention has considered the Union's system of judicial review including the rules on admissibility, and confirmed them while amending them as to certain aspects, as reflected in Articles III-353 to III-381 of the Constitution, and in particular in Article III-365(4). require the Member State concerned to publish additional information, to be specified by the Council, before issuing bonds and securities; "The EU and ECB together have mobilised hundreds of billions of euros in financial support to underpin state finances and the economy, which is only possible due to the credit worthiness of the European Union and the large-scale leverage it has when acting together," explained Karas. The inclusion of this precedent in the Charter has not been intended to change the system of judicial review laid down by the Treaties, and particularly the rules relating to admissibility for direct actions before the Court of Justice of the European Union. 2. Support for fishermen and aquaculture rapid point-of-care diagnostic tests, enabing quicker and more accurate diagnosis Greater powers for EU to act in the case of cross-border health threats 75 The Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament.3. The treatment on import into the Union of products subject to the common organisation of the market in fishery products and originating in Greenland shall, while complying with the mechanisms of the common market organisation, involve exemption from customs duties and charges having equivalent effect and the absence of quantitative restrictions or measures having equivalent effect if the possibilities for access to Greenland fishing zones granted to the Union pursuant to an agreement between the Union and the authority responsible for Greenland are satisfactory to the Union.2. Where both the Management Committee and the Commission deliver an unfavourable opinion, the Board of Directors may not grant the finance.8. 21 Measures include supporting fishers that have to temporarily stop operating, financial aid for aquaculture producers when production is suspended or reduced, support to producer organisations for temporary storage, as well as a more flexible reallocation of national operational funds. For the purposes of this Article, a qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 66,4 INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS Sole article Article III-360 Article 24 (d) 50 % of the share of its respective Member State in the Union's gross domestic product at market prices as recorded in the last five years preceding the penultimate year before the establishment of the European System of Central Banks. This system shall provide for the grant of aids with a view to providing incentives for the formation and facilitating the functioning of producer groups. 163 The method of calculation and administration of such points is described in Annex 5. - Where the Management Committee is in favour of the financing operation, it shall submit the corresponding proposal to the Board of Directors. The European Parliament shall discuss in open session the annual general report submitted to it by the Commission. 3. The specialised courts shall establish their Rules of Procedure in agreement with the Court of Justice. Likewise, where the Court of Justice finds that an action falls within the jurisdiction of the General Court, it shall refer that action to the General Court, whereupon that Court may not decline jurisdiction. &#x2018; investment &#x2019; means gross fixed capital formation as defined in the European System of Integrated Economic Accounts; The Union acts listed in Part Three of the Annex to Protocol 3 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall be amended as set out in that Annex to enable the United Kingdom to maintain the reliefs and exemptions from duties and taxes on supplies to its forces and associated personnel which are granted by the Treaty concerning the Establishment of the Republic of Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Treaty of Establishment &#x2019; ). Each member of the group shall in turn chair for a six-month period all configurations of the Council, with the exception of the Foreign Affairs configuration. This right includes the possibility to receive free compulsory education. any service exacted in case of an emergency or calamity threatening the life or well-being of the community; The April extraordinary part session will take place on Thursday 16 and Friday 17 April. (a) evolving the strategic focus from being production-oriented to being marketing-oriented, CONSCIOUS of the need to lay down special provisions for enhanced dialogue between the Member States whose currency is the euro, pending the euro becoming the currency of all Member States of the Union, Article III-125 The President by their own governments, the same facilities as those accorded to senior officials travelling abroad on temporary official missions; European laws or framework laws shall establish incentive measures, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. If, within three months of receiving the European Parliament's amendments, the Council, acting by a qualified majority: The Court of Justice shall give its ruling in camera. Bonaire Kelt Rómában, a kétezer-negyedik év október havának huszonkilencedik napján Areas of supporting, coordinating or complementary action 3. 1. In doing so, the competences of the Member States shall be respected.2. 1. Calls on the Commission to coordinate Member-State action to crack down on internet-fraudsters and cybercriminals exploiting people's fears by selling overpriced or counterfeited medical material; (a) RECALLING that the Union is pursuing a common foreign and security policy based on the achievement of growing convergence of action by Member States; Article 13 27 million ; Number of people working directly or indirectly in the EU's tourism sector Covid-19: emergency measures to help EU farmers and fishermen Dr. HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Constitution: Explanation Member States shall commence the international negotiations required to secure this protection. Article III-420 Article III-160 (e) ENERGY It shall propose to the latter any appropriate measures required by the progressive development or by the functioning of the internal market. The Court of Justice shall be assisted by eight Advocates-General. The Council shall also act unanimously for the negotiation and conclusion of agreements: This Protocol shall also apply to acts which remain in force by virtue of Article IV-438 of the Constitution. 34. This Charter reaffirms, with due regard for the powers and tasks of the Union and the principle of subsidiarity, the rights as they result, in particular, from the constitutional traditions and international obligations common to the Member States, the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, the Social Charters adopted by the Union and by the Council of Europe and the case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union and of the European Court of Human Rights. 322 shall be repealed. "The impacts on our economy are now tangible. Where the Commission finds that a difference between the provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States is distorting the conditions of competition in the internal market and that the resultant distortion needs to be eliminated, it shall consult the Member States concerned. Without prejudice to article III-224, European laws shall define the tasks, the priority objectives and the organisation of the structural funds, which may involve grouping the Funds, the general rules applicable to them and the provisions necessary to ensure their effectiveness and the coordination of the Funds with one another and with the other existing Financial Instruments. OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. to define, if need be, in the various branches of the economy, the scope of Articles III-161 and III-162;