To this end, it is necessary to strengthen the protection of fundamental rights in the light of changes in society, social progress and scientific and technological developments by making those rights more visible in a Charter. Click on the names to view individual statements by group leaders and the Commission. The Emergency Support Instrument (ESI) was created in 2016 to deal with the massive influx of refugees in Greece. 48 Article 8 (g) ) 4. Declaration on the Åland islands Article II-105 In addition to the tasks referred to in paragraph 2, if and as long as there are Member States with a derogation as referred to in Article III-197, the Committee shall keep under review the monetary and financial situation and the general payments system of those Member States and report regularly to the Council and to the Commission on the matter. Ont également signé le présent acte final, en leur qualité d'États candidats à l'adhésion de l'Union européenne, observateurs auprès de la Conférence: This contribution shall be paid in eight equal instalments falling due on 30 September 2004, 30 September 2005, 30 September 2006, 31 March 2007, 30 September 2007, 31 March 2008, 30 September 2008 and 31 March 2009. 25. 16. A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of these Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. Article 6 (a) All measures to fight the COVID-19 outbreak and its effects are a priority for the European Parliament as co-legislator and budget authority Roma, divi tukstosi ceturta gada divdesmit devitaja oktobri PROTOCOL ON THE ACTS AND TREATIES WHICH HAVE SUPPLEMENTED OR AMENDED THE TREATY ESTABLISHING THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY AND THE TREATY ON EUROPEAN UNION 34. In the longer term, the funds will improve medical research and testing capacities in EU countries. Calls for the EU and the Member States to provide support to the cultural and creative sectors as they play an important role for our economy and our social life and are severely affected by the current crisis; highlights that the current crisis has shown that our education systems are not as resilient as they should be and therefore considers it to be essential that educational infrastructure, online and offline, be significantly upgraded, and that educators and pupils be provided with the necessary skills and equipment for home schooling situations; welcomes in that regard the Commission's initiative to revise and update the Digital Education Action Plan; considers this to be insufficient, however, and calls on the Commission and the Member States to come up with a coordinated investment plan in order to improve our education systems; Such European laws shall determine the rules applicable to supplementary programmes, particularly as regards the dissemination of knowledge as well as access by other Member States. 15,93 Banknotes Enforcement shall be governed by the rules of civil procedure in force in the Member State in the territory of which it is carried out. 4 900 585 500 INTEGRATED INTO THE FRAMEWORK OF THE EUROPEAN UNION Where necessary to achieve the objectives set out in Article III-257, as regards preventing and combating terrorism and related activities, European laws shall define a framework for administrative measures with regard to capital movements and payments, such as the freezing of funds, financial assets or economic gains belonging to, or owned or held by, natural or legal persons, groups or non-State entities. The Union shall ensure consistency between the policies and activities referred to in this Part, taking all of its objectives into account and in accordance with the principle of conferral of powers. If the decision concerns a member of the General Court or of a specialised court, the Court shall decide after consulting the court concerned. The Council, on the basis of the reports referred to in paragraph 3 and having received the views of the Employment Committee, shall each year carry out an examination of the implementation of the employment policies of the Member States in the light of the guidelines for employment. A number of emergency measures will help the sectors, including increased possibilities for state aid and the introduction of support measures through the European Maritime and Fisheries Fund, which will be made more flexible. This provision was drafted in keeping with Article 6(2) of the Treaty on European Union, which required the Union to respect fundamental rights, and with the mandate issued by Cologne European Council. (a) The social partners and autonomous social dialogue Protocol on the system of public broadcasting in the Member States 18. 3. The government of any Member State, the European Parliament or the Commission may submit to the Council proposals for the amendment of this Treaty. (b) 9 Article 71 Slovenia (a) (i) Persons resident or employed in the territory of the Sovereign Base Areas who, under arrangements made pursuant to the Treaty of Establishment and the associated Exchange of Notes dated 16 August 1960, are subject to the social security legislation of the Republic of Cyprus shall be treated for the purposes of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 of 14 June 1971 on the application of social security schemes to employed persons, to self-employed persons and to members of their families moving within the Community ( It is essential that we all comply with them. Rather than applauding the carers, cashiers, the people on whom our lives depend, let us help them", said Manon Aubry (GUE/NGL, FR), pleading for the production of health equipment to be shared and for a clear and coordinated strategy to lift the lockdown. 2. Decisions given by specialised courts may be subject to a right of appeal on points of law only or, when provided for in the European law establishing the specialised court, a right of appeal also on matters of fact, before the General Court.4. shall apply to the Member States referred to in Article 1, without prejudice to Article 3 of the Protocol on the Treaty and the Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. customs controls on goods imported into or exported from the island of Cyprus by the forces of the United Kingdom through a port or airport in the Republic of Cyprus may be carried out within the Sovereign Base Areas; The twelve monthly twelfths of VAT and GNI-based resources to be paid by the new Member States under the amending budget referred to in paragraph 1, as well as the retroactive adjustment of the monthly twelfths for the period January-April 2004 that only apply to the present Member States, shall be converted into eighths to be called during the period May-December 2004. Article III-306 This overall amount includes net capacity reductions of at least 715 000 tpy in hot-rolled products and 716 000 tpy in cold-rolled products, as well as an increase of at most 200 000 tpy of other finished products. Latvijas Republikas Valsts prezidentes varda In the event of liquidation, the Board of Governors shall appoint the liquidators and give them instructions for carrying out the liquidation. 5 Luxembourg 84 The Commission may conclude agreements for these laissez-passer to be recognised as valid travel documents within the territory of third States. The Court of Justice of the European Union, the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank shall be subject to the provisions of Article I-50(3) and to this Article only when exercising their administrative tasks.2. The institutions shall maintain an open, transparent and regular dialogue with representative associations and civil society.3. This Section shall apply to transport by rail, road and inland waterway.2. Article III-324 Right to property - The European Central Bank 3. The new Member States shall take appropriate measures, where necessary, to adjust their position in relation to international organisations, and in relation to those international agreements to which the Union or the European Atomic Energy Community or other Member States are also parties, to the rights and obligations arising from their accession to the Union. (a) Union policies shall ensure a high level of consumer protection. Without prejudice to the unified spelling of the name of the single currency of the European Union referred to in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe as displayed on the banknotes and on the coins, Latvia and Hungary declare that the spelling of the name of the single currency, including its derivatives as applied throughout the Latvian and Hungarian text of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, has no effect on the existing rules of the Latvian and the Hungarian languages. (b) THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, (a) Article III-248 facilitate the disposal of the said products; (b) SECTION 5 The European Central Bank shall address an annual report on the activities of the European System of Central Banks and on the monetary policy of both the previous and the current year to the European Parliament, the European Council, the Council and the Commission. These laissez-passer shall be issued to officials and other servants under conditions laid down in the Staff Regulations of officials and the Conditions of employment of other servants of the Union. Article III-139 Article III-312(4), third and fourth subparagraphs, of the Constitution, 45. (iv) With the support of the International Organization for Migration and Frontex, a voluntary scheme has been set up to encourage people to go back to their home countries. 6 Protocol on the role of national Parliaments in the European Union Declaration by the Federal Republic of Germany, Ireland, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Austria and the Kingdom of Sweden V Rimu, devetindvajsetega oktobra leta dva tisoc stiri provisions primarily of a fiscal nature; Annex I The Commission shall have its seat in Brussels. Where a sudden crisis in the balance of payments occurs and a European decision as referred to in Article III-201(2) is not immediately adopted, a Member State with a derogation may, as a precaution, take the necessary protective measures. Agriculture and fisheries Paragraph 2 is based on Directive 93/104/EC concerning certain aspects of the organisation of working time, Article 2 of the European Social Charter and point 8 of the Community Charter on the rights of workers.