Such prohibitions or restrictions shall not, however, constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction on trade between Member States. acts of the Council by which the Council exercises implementing powers in accordance with Article I-37(2) of the Constitution; European laws shall establish these principles and set these conditions without prejudice to the competence of Member States, in compliance with the Constitution, to provide, to commission and to fund such services. Declaration on Article III-213 giving priority to the implementation of key identified profit improvement opportunities (including employment restructuring, cost reductions, yield improvements and distribution reorientation). 1. (b) Signatories 5. Poland It therefore has the same meaning and scope as the ECHR Article, by virtue of Article 52(3) of the Charter( Draft European legislative acts originating from the Commission shall be forwarded to national Parliaments directly by the Commission, at the same time as to the European Parliament and the Council. Article I-4 In addition the Executive Board may have certain powers delegated to it where the Governing Council so decides. Article III-403 an effective coordination of efforts in the spheres of vocational training, of research and of the dissemination of agricultural knowledge; this may include joint financing of projects or institutions; (a) Flavoured or coloured sugars, syrups and molasses, but not including fruit juices containing added sugar in any proportion Declaration on Articles I-22, 1-27 and 1-28 European laws or framework laws shall establish measures to ensure the application of the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment of women and men in matters of employment and occupation, including the principle of equal pay for equal work or work of equal value. the collection of statistical information as referred to in Article 5; Article 10 GUE/NGL member Manon Aubry (France) blamed austerity measures implemented over the past decade for the reduction of health care capacity across Europe, and criticised the focus on containing public debt that restricts governments' ability to deal with crises. To support employers and to protect workers and the self-employed from losing their jobs or incomes, the European Commission proposed a new temporary instrument called Sure (Support to mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency), to complement national efforts to protect employment. Article III-357 If the national central bank concerned does not comply with the opinion within the period laid down by the European Central Bank, the latter may bring the matter before the Court of Justice of the European Union. PROTOCOL ON THE TREATY AND THE ACT OF ACCESSION OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC, THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA, THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS, THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA, THE REPUBLIC OF LITHUANIA, THE REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY, THE REPUBLIC OF MALTA, THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND, THE REPUBLIC OF SLOVENIA AND THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC Environmental protection 66 such an organisation ensures conditions for trade within the Union similar to those existing in a national market. 3. The Covid-19 pandemic has forced Parliament to limit physical meetings and function remotely, but MEPs are still able to approve urgent EU measures to fight the pandemic. 6. HAVING REGARD TO Article I-41(6) and Article III-312 of the Constitution, (b) Article III-143 Unless the European law establishing the specialised court provides otherwise, the provisions of the Constitution relating to the Court of Justice of the European Union and the provisions of the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union shall apply to the specialised courts. The General Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine at first instance actions or proceedings referred to in Articles III-365, III-367, III-370, III-372 and III-374, with the exception of those assigned to a specialised court set up under Article III-359 and those reserved in the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union for the Court of Justice. A standing committee shall be set up within the Council in order to ensure that operational cooperation on internal security is promoted and strengthened within the Union. The first paragraph is based on Article 13 of the ECHR: acquis The package includes additional funds to finance repatriation flights (€45 million) under EU Civil Protection Mechanism to reunite families stranded in third countries, to provide more resources for the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (€3.6 million), but also to help Greece deal with increased migratory pressures (€350 million), and to support Albania's post-earthquake reconstruction (€100 million). 2. (d) Protocol concerning imports into the European Union of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles The administrative arrangements necessary to identify these persons will be notified to the Commission. This court order may order the payment of a security, intended to grant damages to the alleged infringer in case of injury caused by the &#x2018; distraint-description &#x2019; . Specific provisions shall apply to those Member States whose currency is the euro. Diese Unterschrift bindet zugleich die Deutschsprachige Gemeinschaft, die Flämische Gemeinschaft, die Französische Gemeinschaft, die Wallonische Region, die Flämische Region und die Region Brüssel-Hauptstadt. MEPs are also expected to approve special measures to help the poorest and most vulnerable EU citizens , including with protective equipment and the delivery of food aid. (b) Detailed rules concerning the calculation and determination of the required minimum reserves may be established by the Governing Council. The European decision referred to in paragraph 2 shall not increase the competences conferred on the Union in this Treaty. Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden The Stability and Growth Pact is an important tool to achieve these goals. The Council shall act after consulting the European Parliament and the Court of Auditors.3. (a) 29. Such regulations shall be designed in particular: 19. Citizens are directly represented at Union level in the European Parliament. - 4. rule in other cases provided for in the Constitution. Protocol on certain tasks of the National Bank of Denmark The common position which will be taken by the Member States at the conferences on the accession to the Union of Romania and/or Bulgaria regarding the allocation of seats in the European Parliament and the weighting of votes in the European Council and the Council will be as follows. cooperation in the taking of evidence; This Article is based on Article 1 of the Protocol to the ECHR: Should the European Parliament, the European Council, the Council, the Commission or the European Central Bank, in infringement of the Constitution, fail to act, the Member States and the other institutions of the Union may bring an action before the Court of Justice of the European Union to have the infringement established. In addition, the Commission proposed to extend the scope of the EU Solidarity Fund by also including a public health crisis within its scope, in view of mobilising it if needed for the hardest hit Member States. They shall be appointed by common accord of the governments of the Member States for six years. Respect for private and family life in the field of trade in cultural and audiovisual services, where these agreements risk prejudicing the Union's cultural and linguistic diversity; The European Investment Bank shall have legal personality. The proceedings of the meetings shall be confidential. The parties to the proceedings may appeal to the Court of Justice against any decision of the General Court made pursuant to Article III-379(1) or (2) or the fourth paragraph of Article III-401 of the Constitution, or Article 157 or the third paragraph of Article 164 of the EAEC Treaty, within two months from their notification. President of the Government In accordance with Article III-181 of the Constitution, overdrafts or any other type of credit facility with the European Central Bank or with the national central banks in favour of Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, central governments, regional, local or other public authorities, other bodies governed by public law, or public undertakings of Member States shall be prohibited, as shall the purchase directly from them by the European Central Bank or national central banks of debt instruments.2. 9. If he or she does not succeed, the Council may, acting by a qualified majority, request that the matter be referred to the European Council for a European decision by unanimity. Any discrimination based on any ground such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic features, language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, membership of a national minority, property, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited.2. The European decision shall lay down the necessary measures relating to resources to ensure application of this Article, in accordance with the European laws referred to in Article I-54(3) and (4). "I want this aphorism to apply to Europe and its citizens: whatever does not kill us will make us stronger", he concluded. TITLE III Europol's mission shall be to support and strengthen action by the Member States' police authorities and other law enforcement services and their mutual cooperation in preventing and combating serious crime affecting two or more Member States, terrorism and forms of crime which affect a common interest covered by a Union policy. Article 7 Key for capital subscription Article III-185 0,0784 % (a) Declaration by the Kingdom of the Netherlands on Article IV-440 Family and professional life The rights to bring actions provided for in Articles III-360 and III-361 shall not be exercised within the framework of paragraphs 1 to 6 or paragraphs 8 and 9. Article 3 to monitor the social situation and the development of social protection policies in the Member States and within the Union; (a) Italy 3. Slovakia Upon expiry of the time-limit, the absence of an opinion shall not prevent further action.