(d) 2. The European law establishing a specialised court shall lay down the rules on the organisation of the court and the extent of the jurisdiction conferred upon it.3. The weighting of the votes of the members of the Executive Board shall be zero. Article 6 For the purposes of determining the frozen rate for 2004 according to Article 2(4)(b) of Council Decision 2000/597/EC, Euratom the capped VAT bases of the new Member States shall be calculated on the basis of two thirds of their uncapped VAT base and two thirds of their GNI. the Court of Justice of the European Union Recognising their identity and their specific contribution, the Union shall maintain an open, transparent and regular dialogue with these churches and organisations. Article III-366 For the purpose of this multilateral surveillance, Member States shall forward information to the Commission on important measures taken by them in the field of their economic policy and such other information as they deem necessary. Urges the Member States to adopt only necessary, coordinated and proportionate measures when restricting travel or introducing and prolonging internal border controls, after careful evaluation of their effectiveness to address the public health issue and based on existing legal provisions, namely the Schengen Borders Code and the Freedom of Movement Directive and in full observance of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union; stresses that border controls and restrictions on movement must remain proportionate and exceptional and that all freedom of movement should be reestablished as soon as it is deemed feasible; insists that the cross border travel of frontline workers in sectors key to the fight against COVID-19, in particular health care and elderly care professionals, but also those working in the agri-food sector such as seasonal farm workers, must not be limited; emphasises the need to get back to a fully functioning Schengen Area of free movement with no internal border controls as part of a crisis exit strategy; The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European decisions to that end. Respect for the rights of the defence of anyone who has been charged shall be guaranteed. 2. If an air carrier has used a series of slots for at least 80% of the time during a given season, it will retain it in the next corresponding season (this convention is referred to as 'historical slots', 'grandfather rights' or the '80-20 rule'). This prohibition shall also apply to customs duties of a fiscal nature.5. Calls for the use of all available means and unused money in the current EU budget, including the surplus and unspent margins and the Globalisation Adjustment Fund, so as to swiftly deploy financial assistance to the regions and businesses most affected, and allow for the greatest flexibility possible in the use of funds, while continuing to respect the principle of sound financial management and ensuring that funding reaches those most in need; welcomes, to this end, the recent Commission proposal to create an Emergency Support Instrument; (c) ( SECTION 7 (f) The criterion on price stability referred to in Article III-198(1)(a) of the Constitution shall mean that the Member State concerned has a price performance that is sustainable and an average rate of inflation, observed over a period of one year before the examination, that does not exceed by more than 1,5 percentage points that of, at most, the three best performing Member States in terms of price stability. Article III-116 (b) They shall be selected, on the basis of the suggestions made by Member States, in accordance with the criteria set out in Article I-26(4) and (6), second subparagraph. Freedom of movement and residence may be granted, in accordance with the Constitution, to nationals of third countries legally resident in the territory of a Member State. Draft European legislative acts shall be justified with regard to the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality. Administrative expenditure which the implementation of this Chapter entails for the institutions shall be charged to the Union budget. If measures taken in the circumstances referred to in Articles III-131 and III-436 have the effect of distorting the conditions of competition in the internal market, the Commission shall, together with the Member State concerned, examine how these measures can be adjusted to the rules laid down in the Constitution. Article III-312 3. (b) 1. The principle of representative democracy It shall in particular encourage cooperation between the Member States to improve the complementarity of their health services in cross-border areas. Subject to the principle of proportionality, limitations may be made only if they are necessary and genuinely meet objectives of general interest recognised by the Union or the need to protect the rights and freedoms of others.2. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and in accordance with the procedure provided for in paragraph 3. European laws or framework laws shall establish the guidelines and other measures referred to in paragraph 1. *** signature *** A declaration of bankruptcy of a steel company shall not qualify as capacity reduction. ) corresponds to Article 3 of the ECHR as interpreted by the European Court of Human Rights Protocol on the application of certain aspects of Article III-130 of the Constitution to the United Kingdom and to Ireland existing aids and plans intended to grant or alter aids which were notified to the Commission prior to 1 January 1995 shall be deemed to have been notified on that date. Declaration on Article III-184 The assistance under the Ignalina Programme, or parts thereof, may be made available as a Union contribution to the Ignalina International Decommissioning Support Fund, managed by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. (b) This procedure is without prejudice to the Union's and the European Atomic Energy Community's own competences and does not affect the allocation of powers between the Union and the European Atomic Energy Community and the Member States as regards the conclusion of such agreements in the future or any other amendments not related to accession. Trafficking in human beings is prohibited. Article 4 Article 16 Member States shall, where necessary, assist each other to this end and shall, where appropriate, adopt a common attitude. Minister for External Affairs and Cooperation ), pre-accession funds for Cyprus and Malta ( 1. In accordance with Article 52(2) of the Charter( Article 18 the European Parliament, acting by a majority of its component members, rejects the joint text while the Council approves it, a new draft budget shall be submitted by the Commission, or The Conference considers that, in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution, the European Parliament and the European Council are jointly responsible for the smooth running of the process leading to the election of the President of the European Commission. If members of the Council, representing: By way of derogation from the first subparagraph, the meaning of the expression &#x2018; Community &#x2019; where it is used to qualify the terms &#x2018; preference &#x2019; and &#x2018; fisheries &#x2019; shall remain unchanged. This Protocol is applicable to petroleum products coming under the Combined Nomenclature headings 2710, 2711, 2712 (paraffin wax and petroleum wax), ex 2713 (paraffin residues) and 2714 (shale wax), imported for use in the Member States. The Member States take note of the fact that the Spanish Government has embarked upon the implementation of a policy of regional development designed in particular to stimulate economic growth in the less-developed regions and areas of Spain. The Court of Justice may require the parties to produce all documents and to supply all information which the Court of Justice considers desirable. Article III-436 Article 88 TITLE VI JUSTICE 43. Everyone has the right to respect for his or her private and family life, home and communications. Throughout the procedure leading to the adoption of the financial framework, the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission shall take any measure necessary to facilitate the successful completion of the procedure. Protocol on certain provisions relating to Denmark as regards economic and monetary union 1501 PROTOCOL ON THE TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTITUTIONS AND BODIES OF THE UNION In the event of settlement of the Cyprus problem, the Council, on the basis of a proposal from the Commission, shall decide on the adaptations to the terms concerning the accession of Cyprus to the Union with regard to the Turkish Cypriot Community. It said the use of apps should not be obligatory and that they should include sunset clauses so that they are no longer used once the pandemic is over. Article III-347 If, however, the Council has not made its attitude known within three months of the said application being made, the Commission shall act. The Commission shall report to the European Parliament and the Council every five years as from 1 May 2004 on the implementation of the provisions of this Title. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. 12 Article III-421 Regional unions Germany (i) The Management Committee and the staff of the Bank shall be responsible only to the Bank and shall be completely independent in the performance of their duties. Article III-122 European laws or framework laws may establish any specific measure outside the Funds, without prejudice to measures adopted within the framework of the Union's other policies. in the territory of their own State, the immunities accorded to members of their Parliament; 2. Article 2 The European Central Bank and the national central banks may issue such notes. the European decisions necessary for carrying out the tasks entrusted to the European System of Central Banks under the Constitution and this Statute; 45. 14. trans-European networks; Declaration concerning the Protocol on the transitional provisions relating to the institutions and bodies of the Union Declaration on Article I-24(7) concerning the European Council decision on the exercise of the Presidency of the Council assist a Member State in its territory, at the request of its political authorities, in the event of a natural or man-made disaster. Lower production could in turn have an impact on prices. It is important that the institutions continue to closely cooperate with online platforms, encouraging them to promote authoritative sources, demote content that is found to be false or misleading, and take down illegal content or content that could cause physical harm.