EUR 21 424 525 1. The Governing Council shall issue guidelines with a view to facilitating such operations. Sole article Second reading The Executive Board shall have responsibility for the preparation of meetings of the Governing Council.3. Article 8 (b) Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the President of the Commission, the President of the European Council and the Presidency in office of the Council. 1. Union delegations in third countries and at international organisations shall represent the Union.2. 1. "It is also imperative, in the interest of maintaining EU unity and solidarity, that national authorities also make an effort to communicate EU-wide collective action to assist the member states through this crisis in order to combat disinformation. Abstentions by members present in person or represented shall not prevent the adoption of decisions requiring unanimity. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall preside over the Foreign Affairs Council.4. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. Article III-198(2), third subparagraph, of the Constitution, 1. The total of NOx emissions from heavy goods vehicles crossing Austria in transit shall be reduced by 60 % in the period between 1 January 1992 and 31 December 2003, according to the table in Annex 4. ) A European law of the Council may repeal the transitional provisions set out in this Protocol, when they are no longer applicable. Subject to paragraph 2 and without prejudice to Subsection 3, the common fisheries policy shall not apply to Ceuta or to Melilla. The Governing Council, on a proposal from the Executive Board, shall lay down the conditions of employment of the staff of the European Central Bank.2. The European Defence Agency shall be open to all Member States wishing to be part of it. The Member States agree that the Cohesion Fund shall provide Union financial contributions to projects in the fields of environment and trans-European networks in Member States with a per capita GNP of less than 90 % of the Union average which have a programme leading to the fulfilment of the conditions of economic convergence as set out in Article III-184 of the Constitution.5. The Union's operations and those of the Member States shall complement and reinforce each other.2. 49. Article 55 by coordinating to the necessary extent the safeguards which, for the protection of the interests of members and others, are required by Member States of companies or firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article III-142 with a view to making such safeguards equivalent throughout the Union; Article 43 Prime Minister Union The European Public Prosecutor's Office shall be responsible for investigating, prosecuting and bringing to judgment, where appropriate in liaison with Europol, the perpetrators of, and accomplices in, offences against the Union's financial interests, as determined by the European law provided for in paragraph 1. Prime Minister - 3. The Commission shall deliver a reasoned opinion after each of the States concerned has been given the opportunity to submit its own case and its observations on the other party's case both orally and in writing. Every citizen of the Union has the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States. During the months of April, June and October, the Council shall hold its meetings in Luxembourg.3. Sporzadzono w Rzymie dnia dwudziestego dziewiatego pa´zdziernika roku dwutysiecznego czwartego Italy (b) In particular, the Union shall aim at reducing disparities between the levels of development of the various regions and the backwardness of the least favoured regions. take over the assets of any company not included in Annex 1 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 which is declared bankrupt in the period up to 31 December 2006. The above level of net capacity reduction, together with any other capacity reductions identified as necessary in the restructuring programmes, shall be completed in line with the timetable in Annex 2 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. If at the beginning of a financial year no European law establishing the budget has been definitively adopted, a sum equivalent to not more than one twelfth of the budget appropriations entered in the chapter in question of the budget for the preceding financial year may be spent each month in respect of any chapter in accordance with the European law referred to in Article III-412; that sum shall not, however, exceed one twelfth of the appropriations provided for in the same chapter of the draft budget. Article III-279 2. reactor physics, reactor dynamics and heat exchange; by according, as a general rule, priority treatment to activities where freedom of establishment makes a particularly valuable contribution to the development of production and trade; Prime Minister, Ministre d'Etat (a) HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE GRAND DUKE OF LUXEMBOURG, Where immunity has been waived and criminal proceedings are instituted against a Judge, he shall be tried, in any of the Member States, only by the court competent to judge the members of the highest national judiciary. 4. Freedom to provide services in the field of transport shall be governed by Section 7 of Chapter III relating to transport.2. Article III-162 Spain Where a European decision, adopted in accordance with Chapter II, provides for the interruption or reduction, in part or completely, of economic and financial relations with one or more third countries, the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a joint proposal from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Commission, shall adopt the necessary European regulations or decisions. From 1 January 1986, such information as has been communicated to Member States, persons and undertakings, in accordance with Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, shall be placed at the disposal of the Portuguese Republic, which shall give it limited distribution within its territory under the conditions laid down in that Article.2. Right to life The Council shall act by a majority of four fifths of its members after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. (b) Declaration by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the definition of the term &#x2018; nationals &#x2019; ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL COOPERATION WITH THIRD COUNTRIES Article III-154 This support is not only in the form of donations of essential medical equipment such as masks and ventilators. The national central banks are an integral part of the European System of Central Banks and shall act in accordance with the guidelines and instructions of the European Central Bank. Article III-211 the European Parliament or the Council may decide to revoke the delegation; THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 5,05 The Council of Ministers United Kingdom 1. the lawful arrest or detention of a person for non-compliance with the lawful order of a court or in order to secure the fulfilment of any obligation prescribed by law; ) or the European law replacing it. Explanation V Ríme dvadsiatehodeviateho októbra dvetisícstyri DESIRING to take into account a particular point relating to France, To this end, the institutions shall implement all the means and procedures laid down by the Constitution, particularly by making adequate use of the Union resources intended for the realisation of its objectives. 22 Apart from normal replacement, or death, the duties of a member of the Commission shall end when he or she resigns or is compulsorily retired. At the request of a Member State or of the Commission, or on its own initiative, the Board of Governors shall, in accordance with the same provisions as governed their adoption, interpret or supplement the directives laid down by it under Article 7. WHEREAS pursuant to Article I-9(3) of the Constitution, fundamental rights, as guaranteed by the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, constitute part of the Union's law as general principles; Crowd-funding is also possible. (b) Explanation (e) The peoples of Europe, in creating an ever closer union among them, are resolved to share a peaceful future based on common values. EUR 62 939 275 The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the European laws, framework laws, regulations or decisions which determine, where appropriate, the possibilities and conditions of mutual access to respective fishing zones and to the resources thereof. EUR 170 563 175 Notwithstanding the provisions of Article IV-437 of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and without prejudice to the other provisions of this Protocol, the legal effects of the amendments made to the EAEC Treaty by the Treaties and Acts repealed pursuant to Article IV-437 of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and the legal effects of the acts in force adopted on the basis of the EAEC Treaty shall not be affected. We will update you, of course, as the situation evolves. developing exchanges of information and experience on issues common to the education systems of the Member States; TITLE I 16. Supporting the EU's cultural sector through Covid-19 1.