Measures to provide encouragement and promote coordination to be taken at Union level in accordance with this Article shall be of a complementary nature. The Commission shall take all appropriate steps to act on the observations in the decisions giving discharge and on other observations by the European Parliament relating to the execution of expenditure, as well as on comments accompanying the recommendations on discharge adopted by the Council.4. Ratification and entry into force In preparation for drawing up such reports, Member States in receipt of such authorisations shall supply the Commission in good time with information on the effects of the aids granted, illustrating the development noted in the agricultural economy of the regions in question. The European Central Bank shall be consulted: The references made to parts or to provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community in the Annexes referred to in Article 73 of this Protocol shall be construed as being made to parts or to provisions of the Constitution, in accordance with the following table of equivalence. 1. They shall refrain from any action incompatible with their duties or the performance of their tasks.8. 1. quantitative management of water resources or affecting, directly or indirectly, the availability of those resources; 1. Article 3 2. Parliament's Vice-President Othmar Karas (EPP, AT) insisted that "False claims are easy to check. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee.6. - Freedom to choose an occupation and right to engage in work For these purposes it shall cooperate with Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies and with the competent authorities of the Member States or third countries and with international organisations.2. The Union shall ensure that its humanitarian aid operations are coordinated and consistent with those of international organisations and bodies, in particular those forming part of the United Nations system. Foreign reserve assets held by national central banks DESIRING to lay down the Statute of the European Investment Bank provided for in Article III-393 of the Constitution, compulsory coordination of the various national market organisations; Such accession shall not affect the Union's competences as defined in the Constitution.3. 3. A Governor may be relieved from office only if he no longer fulfils the conditions required for the performance of his duties or if he has been guilty of serious misconduct. TITLE II 6. ), raw or processed but not spun; tow and waste of true hemp (including pulled or garnetted rags or ropes) Those rules shall require the consent of the Council . Article 1 Article 7 4. Za predsednika Republike Slovenije OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. (c) Article 6 Protection of personal data &#x2018; debt &#x2019; means total gross debt at nominal value outstanding at the end of the year and consolidated between and within the sectors of general government as defined in point (a). In particular, in the application of Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution, it will be necessary to take into account the objectives of economic expansion and the raising of the standard of living of the population. Declaration on Article III-116 Laissez-passer in a form to be prescribed by a European regulation of the Council acting by a simple majority, which shall be recognised as valid travel documents by the authorities of the Member States, may be issued to members and servants of the institutions of the Union by the Presidents of these institutions. What if I want to cancel my trip? (a) The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. 7. Within three months following the notification referred to in paragraph 1 the Council shall adopt a European decision establishing permanent structured cooperation and determining the list of participating Member States. (d) The beneficiary Member States shall submit, no later than six months after expiry of the three-year deadline, a comprehensive report on the financial execution of the lump-sum grant payments with a statement justifying the expenditure. The right guaranteed in paragraph 2 corresponds to national constitutional traditions and to the development of national legislation on this issue. The Council, on a recommendation from the Commission, shall formulate a draft for the broad guidelines of the economic policies of the Member States and of the Union, and shall report its findings to the European Council. Article 3 1. For the application of this Article, the Council shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 41, define the basis for minimum reserves and the maximum permissible ratios between those reserves and their basis, as well as the appropriate sanctions in cases of non-compliance. Article III-256 2 the commitments made in the framework of the extension of the period during which Poland may exceptionally grant State support for the restructuring of its steel industry under the Europe Agreement establishing an association between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part, and Poland, of the other part, have not been fulfilled, or that Slovenia National Parliaments shall ensure compliance with that principle in accordance with the procedure set out in that Protocol. When concluding an agreement, the Council may, by way of derogation from paragraphs 5, 6 and 9, authorise the negotiator to approve on the Union's behalf modifications to the agreement where it provides for them to be adopted by a simplified procedure or by a body set up by the agreement. Confirming that the accession of the Republic of Cyprus to the Union should not affect the rights and obligations of the parties to the Treaty of Establishment; 6. The Union shall establish police cooperation involving all the Member States' competent authorities, including police, customs and other specialised law enforcement services in relation to the prevention, detection and investigation of criminal offences. 3. The European Central Bank shall be legally committed to third parties by the President or by two members of the Executive Board or by the signatures of two members of the staff of the European Central Bank who have been duly authorised by the President to sign on behalf of the European Central Bank. Article III-246 1. (b) HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: Za predsednika Republike Slovenije The Union trading system with third countries shall not be affected. (f) A Member State which is not bound by a measure adopted pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, to Article III-263 or to Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution, shall bear no financial consequences of that measure other than administrative costs entailed for the institutions, unless all members of the Council, acting unanimously after consulting the European Parliament, decide otherwise. 9 8. 2. These Rules shall also provide that a member of the Governing Council who is prevented from attending meetings of the Governing Council for a prolonged period may appoint an alternate as a member of the Governing Council. Article 61 (j) Insists on a proactive role for the banking sector in this crisis, so as to allow companies and citizens who are suffering financially as a result of COVID-19 to temporary lower or halt debt or mortgage repayments, provide maximum flexibility in the treatment of non-performing loans, temporarily suspend dividend payments and reduce the often excessive interest rates on current account overdrafts; stresses that supervisors must demonstrate a high degree of flexibility to this end; Only the bank notes issued by the European Central Bank and the national central banks shall have the status of legal tender within the Union. 24 Article I-27 (c) The Council shall act by a qualified majority throughout the procedure. European laws or framework laws may exclude certain activities from application of this Subsection. 4. The Committee referred to in paragraph 1 shall confirm that the financial statements, as well as any other financial information contained in the annual accounts drawn up by the Board of Directors, give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Bank in respect of its assets and liabilities, and of the results of its operations and its cash flows for the financial year under review.4. PART THREE 12 34. Everyone has the right to engage in work and to pursue a freely chosen or accepted occupation.2. They shall be completely independent in the performance of their duties, in the Union's general interest. 24. Provisions of the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003, as interpreted by the Court of Justice of the European Communities and the Court of First Instance, the purpose or effect of which is to repeal or amend, otherwise than as a transitional measure, acts adopted by the institutions, bodies, offices or agencies of the Community or of the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union shall remain in force subject to the application of the second paragraph. (b) *** signature *** The principle of democratic equality The Council shall act unanimously on all rules or conditions relating to the taxation of Members or former Members. Where, in exceptional circumstances, movements of capital to or from third countries cause, or threaten to cause, serious difficulties for the functioning of economic and monetary union, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt European regulations or decisions introducing safeguard measures with regard to third countries for a period not exceeding six months if such measures are strictly necessary. EU aid: the impact of coronavirus in Africa could be devastating