Up to €100 billion will be available to all 27 member states. European laws or framework laws shall establish the measures defining the framework within which the Union's humanitarian aid operations shall be implemented. In each of the Member States, the Union shall enjoy the most extensive legal capacity accorded to legal persons under their laws; it may, in particular, acquire or dispose of movable and immovable property and may be a party to legal proceedings. It shall exercise functions of political control and consultation as laid down in the Constitution. Subject to paragraph 5, the shares of the national central banks in the subscribed capital of the European Central Bank may not be transferred, pledged or attached.5. Such exclusive or partially exclusive licences shall be granted on a normal commercial basis. 2. (c) Explanation Article 20 8. Article 47( The text of the Article has been based on TEC Article 63, now replaced by Article III-266 of the Constitution, which requires the Union to respect the Geneva Convention on refugees. 1. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE TREATY ESTABLISHING A CONSTITUTION FOR EUROPE Article 3 This title shall apply to Greenland, subject to the specific provisions of the Protocol on special arrangements for Greenland. Any agreements or decisions prohibited pursuant to this Article shall be automatically void. Ireland Article 48 The Union recognises and respects the entitlement to social security benefits and social services providing protection in cases such as maternity, illness, industrial accidents, dependency or old age, and in the case of loss of employment, in accordance with the rules laid down by Union law and national laws and practices.2. Declaration on Article III-213 Applications made through a Member State shall be submitted to the Commission for an opinion. 1. Provisions on taxation Greece In accordance with Article I-30(1) of the Constitution, the European Central Bank and the national central banks shall constitute the European System of Central Banks. European framework laws may establish minimum rules concerning the definition of criminal offences and sanctions in the areas of particularly serious crime with a cross-border dimension resulting from the nature or impact of such offences or from a special need to combat them on a common basis. Latvia A European decision shall be a non-legislative act, binding in its entirety. Celex Test Believes that the Member States must take measures to ensure that workers in Europe, including the self-employed, are shielded from income loss and that the most affected companies, in particular SMEs, and sectors have the necessary support and financial liquidity; welcomes in this respect the Commission's new Support to mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency (SURE) proposal and calls for its swift implementation and to launch a permanent European Unemployment Reinsurance Scheme; encourages the Member States to better coordinate social and fiscal legislation in order to avoid ramifications in terms of social security and fiscal systems for crossborder workers and labour migrants as a result of emergency measures; THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, 1. The amount of the Bank's disbursed equity participations shall not exceed at any time an amount corresponding to the total of its paid-in subscribed capital, reserves, non-allocated provisions and profit and loss account surplus. acquis Save as otherwise provided in the Constitution, any aid granted by a Member State or through State resources in any form whatsoever which distorts or threatens to distort competition by favouring certain undertakings or the production of certain goods shall, insofar as it affects trade between Member States, be incompatible with the internal market. Suomen Tasavallan Presidentin puolesta A. The responsibilities of the General Council are listed in full in Article 46. In accordance with Article III-340, the European Parliament may vote on a censure motion on the Commission. The objectives of the common agricultural policy shall be: making the conclusion of contracts subject to acceptance by the other parties of supplementary obligations which, by their nature or according to commercial usage, have no connection with the subject of such contracts. Everyone's right to life shall be protected by law... &#x2019; The scheme of social security benefits for officials and other servants of the Union shall be laid down by a European law. Article 2 5. justice and home affairs (strengthening of the judicial system, external border controls, anti-corruption strategy, strengthening of law enforcement capacities); Field of application Article III-284 (c) 85 ). Hungary The opinion of the Committee, together with a record of its proceedings, shall be forwarded to the European Parliament, to the Council and to the Commission. Consumer protection Article 2 The European Parliament, Each Member State shall ensure that the principle of equal pay for female and male workers for equal work or work of equal value is applied. (d) investment in construction, renovation or upgrading of border-crossing infrastructure and related buildings; For the adoption of the European decisions referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, the European Council shall act by unanimity after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament, which shall be given by a majority of its component members. Periods of grace based on considerations of distance shall be laid down in the Rules of Procedure. 3. ( The meaning and the scope of the guaranteed rights are determined not only by the text of those instruments, but also by the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights and by the Court of Justice of the European Union. ADMINISTRATIVE COOPERATION EDUCATION, YOUTH, SPORT AND VOCATIONAL TRAINING Declaration on the Ignalina nuclear power plant in Lithuania Article 2 European laws or framework laws shall enact measures on the movement of capital to or from third countries involving direct investment - including investment in real estate, establishment, the provision of financial services or the admission of securities to capital markets. The family shall enjoy legal, economic and social protection. (a) Article 32 The Council, on the basis of a proposal from the Commission, shall decide on the withdrawal of the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Article 4 The proposal is part of a set of EU measures to help member states tackle the coronavirus pandemic. The Member States shall consult each other in liaison with the Commission and, where necessary, shall coordinate their action. Such agents, advisers and lawyers shall, when they appear before the Court of Justice, enjoy the rights and immunities necessary to the independent exercise of their duties, under conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure. Article 60 Every citizen shall have the right to participate in the democratic life of the Union. A European law shall establish the Union's annual budget in accordance with Article III-404. Article III-164 the expression &#x2018; Treaty on European Union &#x2019; (EU Treaty) means that Treaty as supplemented or amended by treaties or other acts which entered into force before 1 May 2004; For this purpose the Commission shall report to the Council.13. Slovenia The measures also simplify programme approval to speed up implementation, make financial instruments easier to use and simplify audits. Article III-418 and shall enter into force on the date specified in them or, in the absence thereof, on the twentieth day following that of their publication. In the event of any breach of these obligations, the Court of Justice may, on application by the Council, acting by a simple majority, or the Commission, rule that the person concerned be, according to the circumstances, either compulsorily retired in accordance with Article III-349 or deprived of his or her right to a pension or other benefits in its stead. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. SPECIFIC PROVISIONS The Union may support the efforts of Member States to improve their administrative capacity to implement Union law. Access to services of general economic interest *** signature *** Allocation of monetary income of national central banks Article 39 indicate the broad lines of such activities; 1. THE UNION'S EXTERNAL ACTION