was named by the World Health Organisation After discussion, the European Council shall, within four months of this suspension, either: 59 In the event of purchase of the company by a strategic investor, the purchase contract shall be made conditional on this closure by this date; 71 The departments listed in Articles 7, 8 and 9 of the Decision of 8 April 1965 shall be established in Luxembourg.4. 4. the cross-border service of judicial and extrajudicial documents; acquis It may also, if it deems it necessary, take part in the Conciliation Committee in accordance with paragraph 11. no State aid for restructuring is to be paid to the Polish steel industry after 1 May 2004. (European) Community - the Governing Council, acting by a two-thirds majority of all its members, with and without a voting right, shall take all measures necessary for the implementation of the principles laid down in this subparagraph and may decide to postpone the start of the rotation system until the date on which the number of governors exceeds 18. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Court of Auditors.5. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs will, in close consultation with the Member State involved, search for a solution acceptable to it. The dignity of the human person is not only a fundamental right in itself but constitutes the real basis of fundamental rights. Curaçao Article III-351 Article 42 3 19 Member States reacted to the approval of the Hungarian emergency law by issuing a Statement now supported by 19 MSs (Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, joined by Bulgaria, Cyprus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania) The Union shall also have exclusive competence for the conclusion of an international agreement when its conclusion is provided for in a legislative act of the Union or is necessary to enable the Union to exercise its internal competence, or insofar as its conclusion may affect common rules or alter their scope. However, if the Commission considers that the conditions of participation have not been fulfilled, it shall indicate the arrangements to be adopted to fulfil those conditions and shall set a deadline for re-examining the request. Declaration on Articles I-43 and III-329 The European Central Bank shall ensure that the tasks conferred upon the European System of Central Banks under Article III-185(2), (3) and (5) of the Constitution are implemented either by itself pursuant to this Statute or through the national central banks pursuant to Article 12(1) and Article 14.3. In order to incorporate them into the enacting terms of this Statute, the amendments referred to in paragraph 1 shall be subject to official codification by a European law of the Council, adopted at the request of the Court of Justice. Within the framework of the task set out in Article III-394 of the Constitution, the Bank shall grant finance, in particular in the form of loans and guarantees to its members or to private or public undertakings for investments to be carried out in the territories of Member States, to the extent that funds are not available from other sources on reasonable terms. The European Central Bank may decide to publish its European decisions, recommendations and opinions.3. Article 40 2. In its judgment of 9 October 2001 in case C-377/98 Netherlands v European Parliament and Council [2001] ECR 7079, at grounds 70, 78 to 80, the Court of Justice confirmed that a fundamental right to human integrity is part of Union law and encompasses, in the context of medicine and biology, the free and informed consent of the donor and recipient. These measures are having a major impact on the transport sector, so be sure you know your passenger rights. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee. MEPs also want to see additional EU funding to finance speedy research to find a vaccine. 1. The Commission and the Council shall closely monitor the implementation of the restructuring and the fulfilment of the conditions set out in this Title concerning viability, State aid and capacity reductions before and after 1 May 2004, until the end of the restructuring period, in accordance with paragraphs 13 to 18. Malta (d) 22. Save as otherwise provided for in this Statute, the Governing Council shall act by a simple majority of the members having a voting right. The Court of Justice shall consist of one judge from each Member State. on a recommendation from the European Central Bank and after consulting the Commission. A European law of the Council shall lay down the appropriate measures to replace the said Protocol. It alone may authorise the issue of the euro. 99 Commenting on yesterday's approval by the EP of the Coronavirus Response Investment Initiative, Culture and Education Committee Chair, Sabine Verheyen (EPP, DE) , issued the following statement. 33. Some of the debate participants: some were in Brussels, others took part using a remote connecgtion Article 4 by satisfying themselves that the conditions of establishment are not distorted by aids granted by Member States. Members of the European Parliament shall, in respect of customs and exchange control, be accorded: National Parliaments may, within the framework of the area of freedom, security and justice, participate in the evaluation mechanisms provided for in Article III-260. 1. Anders Fogh RASMUSSEN 174,70 (e) Without prejudice to other revenue, the Union's budget shall be financed wholly from its own resources.3. Without prejudice to this objective, the European System of Central Banks shall support the general economic policies in the Union in order to contribute to the achievement of its objectives as laid down in Article I-3. FINAL ACT OJ C 340, 10.11.1997, p. This allows everyone to use the internet, be it for work or for leisure. The Conference believes that Article III-256 does not affect the right of the Member States to take the necessary measures to ensure their energy supply under the conditions provided for in Article III-131. 1. - (c) The Council shall adopt, on a proposal from the Commission, the European regulations or decisions establishing multiannual financial guidelines for managing the assets of the Research Fund for Coal and Steel and technical guidelines for the research programme of the Research Fund for Coal and Steel. aid to facilitate the development of certain economic activities or of certain economic areas, where such aid does not adversely affect trading conditions to an extent contrary to the common interest; 4. 1. Without prejudice to the second subparagraph, the references made to &#x2018; this Act &#x2019; in the Annexes referred to in Article 73 of this Protocol shall be construed as being made to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. Notis Mitarachi, the Greek Minister for Migration and Asylum, said that many special measures had been taken to prevent a Covid-19 outbreak in the camps on the islands, but that more support was needed. Regulation (EC) No 1268/1999 ( A decision requiring a qualified majority shall be adopted if the votes cast in favour represent at least two thirds of the subscribed capital of the European Central Bank and represent at least half of the shareholders. Shared competence between the Union and the Member States applies in the following principal areas: Subsection 2 1. When the European Council intends to make use of Article IV-444(1) or (2) of the Constitution, national Parliaments shall be informed of the initiative of the European Council at least six months before any European decision is adopted. If a Member State is the victim of armed aggression on its territory, the other Member States shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power, in accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations Charter. PART I NON-DISCRIMINATION AND CITIZENSHIP Except as otherwise provided in this Protocol and in the acts adopted under it, the provisions of the Constitution shall apply. New Caledonia and Dependencies 4. 62 More tests, help for doctors and nurses to care for the sick: Parliament approved €3.08 billion in EU aid on Friday. Whereas: the interpretation of the Constitution; Their term of office shall be eight years and shall not be renewable. This Charter reaffirms, with due regard for the powers and tasks of the Union and the principle of subsidiarity, the rights as they result, in particular, from the constitutional traditions and international obligations common to the Member States, the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, the Social Charters adopted by the Union and by the Council of Europe and the case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union and of the European Court of Human Rights. 785 If, within three months of such communication, the European Parliament: the economic and social development of the Union as a whole and the balanced development of its regions. 2,50 The European Parliament, the Council and the Commission shall consult each other and by common agreement make arrangements for their cooperation. The voting rights of members of the Council representing Member States with a derogation shall be suspended for the adoption by the Council of the measures referred to in the Articles listed in paragraph 2, and in the following instances: In the fields of medicine and biology, the following must be respected in particular: However, such persons shall not benefit from provisions of Union law relating to the free movement of persons and services. 1. While France has donated masks and Germany has delivered medical equipment to Italy, Luxembourg has been taking in intensive care patients from France and the Czech Republic has donated protective suits to Italy and Spain. 1.