First reading (h) 24 The United Kingdom shall endeavour to avoid an excessive government deficit. 41. Article III-235 The Commission may, within the limits and under conditions laid down by a European regulation or decision adopted by a simple majority by the Council, collect any information and carry out any checks required for the performance of the tasks entrusted to it. 1. The President of the European Central Bank shall present this report to the European Parliament, which may hold a general debate on that basis, and to the Council. Member States shall cooperate with the Commission to ensure that the appropriations are used in accordance with those principles. 65,6 Respecting strict sanitary precautions, lead MEPs from all political groups gathered in a special session in the Brussels chamber on Thursday, with others following the debate from home. Article II-65 mutual admissibility of evidence between Member States; Germany The Member States shall endeavour to undertake liberalisation of services beyond the extent required by the European framework laws adopted pursuant to Article III-147(1), if their general economic situation and the situation of the economic sector concerned so permit. The President of the Court of Justice may, by way of summary procedure, which may, insofar as necessary, differ from some of the rules contained in this Statute and which shall be laid down in the Rules of Procedure, adjudicate upon applications to suspend execution, as provided for in Article III-379(1) of the Constitution and Article 157 of the EAEC Treaty, or to prescribe interim measures in pursuance of Article III-379(2) of the Constitution, or to suspend enforcement in accordance with the fourth paragraph of Article III-401 of the Constitution or the third paragraph of Article 164 of the EAEC Treaty. The Union therefore recognises the rights, freedoms and principles set out hereafter. The Union recognises and respects the rights of the elderly to lead a life of dignity and independence and to participate in social and cultural life. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, The customs territory of the Union shall not include Ceuta and Melilla.3. (a) The Union may cooperate with third countries to promote projects of mutual interest and to ensure the interoperability of networks. Those Rules shall require the consent of the Council.6. CHAPTER 11 Only nationals of Member States may be members of the Executive Board. TOURISM Preparations of meat, of fish, of crustaceans or molluscs What to look out for In order to combat social exclusion and poverty, the Union recognises and respects the right to social and housing assistance so as to ensure a decent existence for all those who lack sufficient resources, in accordance with the rules laid down by Union law and national laws and practices. A worldwide pledging effort to fund development of diagnostics and vaccines instrumentation. EUR 9 169 100 Article 44 Within the scope of application of the Constitution, European laws or framework laws shall establish measures in order to strengthen customs cooperation between Member States and between them and the Commission. 2. No one may be deprived of his or her possessions, except in the public interest and in the cases and under the conditions provided for by law, subject to fair compensation being paid in good time for their loss. The Union contributes to the preservation and to the development of these common values while respecting the diversity of the cultures and traditions of the peoples of Europe as well as the national identities of the Member States and the organisation of their public authorities at national, regional and local levels; it seeks to promote balanced and sustainable development and ensures free movement of persons, services, goods and capital, and the freedom of establishment. The impact of the crisis on the Commission's Work Programme is also due to be discussed in the debate. The Council shall act unanimously after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. include Ceuta and Melilla in the customs territory of the Union; 2,90 The Constitution shall cease to apply to the State in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or, failing that, two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2, unless the European Council, in agreement with the Member State concerned, unanimously decides to extend this period. 1. THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND, The Commission may adopt European regulations relating to the categories of State aid that the Council has, pursuant to Article III-169, determined may be exempted from the procedure provided for by paragraph 3 of this Article. In the event of a tie, the President shall have the casting vote. ORGANISATION OF THE COURT OF JUSTICE 18. Paragraph 3 takes account of the fact that, as part of the establishment of an area of freedom, security and justice, Union legislation on civil matters having cross-border implications, for which Article III-269 of the Constitution confers power, may include notably visiting rights ensuring that children can maintain on a regular basis a personal and direct contact with both his or her parents. the conditions under which nationals of third countries shall have the freedom to travel within the Union for a short period; European laws or framework laws may establish incentive measures designed to encourage cooperation between Member States and to support their action in the field of employment through initiatives aimed at developing exchanges of information and best practices, providing comparative analysis and advice as well as promoting innovative approaches and evaluating experiences, in particular by recourse to pilot projects. A European law of the European Parliament shall lay down the detailed provisions governing the exercise of the right of inquiry. 1. 2205 Article III-321 the conservation of marine biological resources under the common fisheries policy; OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. (a) 1. 1. The release for free circulation of products imported into the customs territory of the Union, under these tariff quotas, shall be subject to compliance with the rules laid down by the common organisation of markets and in particular with respect to reference prices. MEPs have also joined calls from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank to suspend debt payments by the world's developing countries. Such cooperation may include the adoption of measures for the approximation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. Notwithstanding the fourth paragraph of Article 20, the Advocate-General may make his reasoned submissions in writing. The provisions of this Section shall apply in the light of the Declaration on the Åland Islands, which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol No 2 to the Act concerning the conditions of accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. To protect travellers, the EU has updated the guidelines on passenger rights and the package travel directive . Celex Test 22. The President of the European Central Bank and the other members of the Executive Board may, at the request of the European Parliament or on their own initiative, be heard by the competent bodies of the European Parliament. OJ L 236, 23.9.2003, p. It shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. The Commission shall be assisted by a Committee.2. MEPs and the Commission's President discussed how the EU can enhance collaboration among EU countries in the common fight against COVID-19. one alternate nominated by common accord between the Kingdom of Belgium, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of the Netherlands, The EU's single market is the source of "our collective prosperity" and key to the immediate and continuous response to COVID-19, MEPs stress. Below are tips on how to protect yourself. acquis Save where jurisdiction is conferred on the Court of Justice of the European Union by the Constitution, disputes to which the Union is a party shall not on that ground be excluded from the jurisdiction of the courts or tribunals of the Member States.2. Provisions on the mechanism for additional responsibilities within the framework of fisheries agreements concluded by the Union with third countries 17 He or she shall ensure the consistency of the Union's external action. 2. If the Court rejects the appeal, the decision of the Arbitration Committee shall become final. Press Releases Highlights the crucial importance of policies that ensure the reliable and quality supply of food from agriculture, fisheries and food businesses during and beyond the immediate health crisis, and the need to support these sectors and safeguard their continued production and barrier-free transport across the Single Market; HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: OJ L 149, 5.7.1971, p. (c) Before a Member State brings an action against another Member State for an alleged infringement of an obligation under the Constitution, it shall bring the matter before the Commission. A united and decisive response to a shared crisis Lietuvos Respublikos Prezidento vardu In accordance with Articles I-10(2)(d) and I-49, he or she shall be empowered to receive complaints from any citizen of the Union or any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State concerning instances of maladministration in the activities of the Union's institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, with the exception of the Court of Justice of the European Union acting in its judicial role. BEARING IN MIND the need to implement fully the provisions of Article I-41(2) of the Constitution; The number of members of the Economic and Social Committee shall not exceed 350. PROVISIONS ON THE RESTRUCTURING OF THE POLISH STEEL INDUSTRY measures governing the use of the euro (Article III-191); (b) The Commission, acting on its own initiative or on application by a Member State, shall examine the rates and conditions referred to in paragraph 1, taking account in particular of the requirements of an appropriate regional economic policy, the needs of underdeveloped areas and the problems of areas seriously affected by political circumstances on the one hand, and of the effects of such rates and conditions on competition between the different modes of transport on the other. He called for measures to support hard-hit sectors such as tourism, transport and agriculture, as well as the removal of red tape and an overhaul of the EU budget.