Article II-66 1 - Number in the Combined Nomenclature The Council shall adopt European regulations and decisions determining the allowances of the members of the Economic and Social Committee. ( Any citizen of the Union and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State has the right to petition the European Parliament. * This is European solidarity in action. This support is not only in the form of donations of essential medical equipment such as masks and ventilators. They shall also apply to the European territories for whose external relations a Member State is responsible. They recognise it to be in their common interest that the objectives of this policy be so attained. Article 18 He called for a rethink of how society was organised and a "new way of living, producing, moving, travelling". Notwithstanding the provisions of the Constitution, exclusive rights to reindeer husbandry within traditional Sami areas may be granted to the Sami people. To this end, it shall verify that the Bank's operations have been carried out in compliance with the formalities and procedures laid down by this Statute and the Rules of Procedure.3. the development of methods of radioactive ore prospecting. Of this total figure: TAKING INTO ACCOUNT the special position of Denmark; SECTION 4 Budgetary and financial principles Political parties at Union level contribute to expressing the political will of the citizens of the Union. AMENDMENT OF THE STATUTE AND COMPLEMENTARY RULES 1. The objective is to gradually achieve a budgetary surplus in good times which creates the necessary room to accommodate economic downturns and thus contribute to the long-term sustainability of public finances. If the Court finds that the Member State concerned has not complied with its judgment it may impose a lump sum or penalty payment on it. The Commission shall carry out broad consultations with parties concerned in order to ensure that the Union's actions are coherent and transparent.4. This amendment does not concern the English text. 14. Deputy Prime Minister, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Immigration However, the arrangements applied to imports into Ceuta and into Melilla with regard to goods coming from such third country may not be more favourable than those applied with regard to the imports of products originating in the customs territory of the Union. ) corresponds to Article 1 of the Protocol to the ECHR 1. It may obtain the opinion of European bodies which are representative of the various economic and social sectors and of civil society to which the Union's activities are of concern. Takes note of the Commission's plan to call on telecoms providers to hand over anonymised and aggregated data in order to limit the spread of COVID-19, of national tracking programmes already in force, and of the introduction of apps allowing authorities to monitor movements, contacts and health data; Everyone who is deprived of his liberty by arrest or detention shall be entitled to take proceedings by which the lawfulness of his detention shall be decided speedily by a court and his release ordered if the detention is not lawful. This Protocol shall also apply to the European Investment Bank, to the members of its organs, to its staff and to the representatives of the Member States taking part in its activities, without prejudice to the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank. Certain officials or other servants shall be responsible to the Registrar of the General Court under the authority of the President of the General Court. OJ C 241, 29.8.1994, p. or on a recommendation from the European Central Bank and after consultation of the Commission. 3. SECTION 7 The other Member States shall be entitled to exercise at their frontiers or at any point of entry into their territory such controls on persons seeking to enter their territory from the United Kingdom or any territories whose external relations are under its responsibility for the same purposes stated in Article 1 of this Protocol, or from Ireland as long as the provisions of Article 1 of this Protocol apply to Ireland.Nothing in Articles III-130 and III-265 of the Constitution or in any other provision of the Constitution or in any measure adopted under it shall prejudice the right of the other Member States to adopt or exercise any such controls. ) corresponds to Article 6(2) and(3) of the ECHR PROTOCOL ON THE EURO GROUP 22,90 3. Members of the European Parliament also called for solidarity among Member States. Article III-239 SECTION 1 The detailed arrangements for such cooperation may be the subject of agreements between the Union and the third parties concerned. &#x2018; Distraint-description &#x2019; means a procedure forming part of the system referred to in the first and second paragraphs by which any person entitled to bring an action for infringement may, after obtaining a court order, granted on his application, cause a detailed description to be made, at the premises of the alleged infringer, by a bailiff assisted by experts, of the processes in question, in particular by photocopying technical documents, with or without actual distraint. ) covers the same field as Article 12 of the ECHR, but its scope may be extended to other forms of marriage if these are established by national legislation Until the European laws or framework laws referred to in Article III-236(2) have been adopted, no Member State may, unless the Council has unanimously adopted a European decision granting a derogation, make the various provisions governing the subject on 1 January 1958 or, for acceding States, the date of their accession less favourable in their direct or indirect effect on carriers of other Member States as compared with carriers who are nationals of that State. Article 45 the rights of victims of crime; The European Central Bank shall adopt such measures as are necessary to carry out its tasks in accordance with Articles III-185 to III-191 and Article III-196, and with the conditions laid down in the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank. European framework laws shall coordinate the national provisions referred to in paragraph 1. The Council shall meet in public when it deliberates and votes on a draft legislative act. &#x2018; 1. The multiannual framework programme shall be adapted or supplemented as the situation changes.3. 4. The Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs will hold a meeting focusing on internal border controls within the Schengen area, on 12 May. 4. HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF THE BELGIANS, The conditions under which the provisions of the Constitution concerning the free movement of goods, and the acts of the institutions concerning customs legislation and commercial policy, shall apply to Ceuta and to Melilla are set out in Subsection 3 of this Section.3. 11. Workers' right to information and consultation within the undertaking 550,00 That would make a total of €37 billion that could be deployed in investments across the EU. United Kingdom A declaration of bankruptcy of a steel company shall not qualify as capacity reduction. In the longer term, the funds will support testing capacities and research. The accounts of the European Central Bank and national central banks shall be audited by independent external auditors recommended by the Governing Council and approved by the Council. Short-time working schemes in Member States The principles set out in this Article have been based on Article 153 of the EC Treaty, now replaced by Article III-235 of the Constitution. For Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland In doing so the Executive Board shall give the necessary instructions to national central banks. ), has the same meaning and scope. (a) (c) TITLE IV hold consultations concerning issues falling within the competence of the national central banks and affecting the stability of financial institutions and markets; Members of the European Parliament shall be elected by direct universal suffrage in a free and secret ballot. The Union shall accede to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. The Management Committee shall examine whether financing operations submitted to it comply with the provisions of this Statute, in particular with Articles 16 and 18. Notwithstanding paragraph 2, only a European law or framework law of the Council may enact measures which constitute a step backwards in Union law as regards the liberalisation of the movement of capital to or from third countries. 3. Article III-149 RECOGNISE that it is in their common interest that the objectives of the Italian programme should be attained; Save as otherwise provided in the Constitution, the European Parliament shall act by a majority of the votes cast. European decisions relating to the common security and defence policy, including those initiating a mission as referred to in this Article, shall be adopted by the Council acting unanimously on a proposal from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs or an initiative from a Member State. 1. (b) The unanimity of the members of the Council, with the exception of the representative of the government of Denmark, shall be necessary for the acts of the Council which must be adopted unanimously. - (a) The Agency shall carry out its tasks in liaison with the Commission where necessary. in-pile testing of materials and equipment. The European Commission has said they can be considered as critical workers, but understandably, many don't wish to leave home. acquis The Member States shall exercise their competence to the extent that the Union has not exercised, or has decided to cease exercising, its competence.3.