The Commission may take any useful initiative to promote coordination between actions of the Union and those of the Member States, in order to enhance the efficiency and complementarity of Union and national humanitarian aid measures.7. The Board of Governors, acting unanimously, shall establish the Statutes of the bodies referred to in paragraph 1, defining, in particular, their objectives, structure, capital, membership, the location of their seat, their financial resources, means of intervention and auditing arrangements, as well as their relationship with the organs of the Bank.3. It was considered useful to extend this article to access to vocational and continuing training (see point 15 of the Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers and Article 10 of the Social Charter) and to add the principle of free compulsory education. In other cases decisions shall be adopted if there are at least 232 votes in favour representing at least two thirds of the members. Article III-234 Provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action designed to ensure the protection of the health of workers and the general public in the territory of the new Member States against the dangers arising from ionising radiations shall, in accordance with Article 33 of the EAEC Treaty, be communicated by those States to the Commission within three months from 1 May 2004. 48. As from 1 May 2004, the new Member States shall be considered as being addressees of directives and decisions within the meaning of Article 249 of the EC Treaty and of Article 161 of the EAEC Treaty, provided that those directives and decisions have been addressed to all the present Member States. A specific system is hereby established for the execution of operations carried out as a complement to fishing activities undertaken by vessels flying the flag of a Member State in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of a third country within the framework of responsibilities created under fisheries agreements concluded by the Union with the third countries in question. 1 No. Enjoyment of these rights entails responsibilities and duties with regard to other persons, to the human community and to future generations. The provisions on the measures on the crossing of external borders included in Article III-265(2)(b) of the Constitution shall be without prejudice to the competence of Member States to negotiate or conclude agreements with third countries as long as they respect Union law and other relevant international agreements. RECALLING that the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland acceded to the European Communities on 1 January 1973; that the Hellenic Republic acceded to the European Communities on 1 January 1981; that the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic acceded to the European Communities on 1 January 1986; that the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden acceded to the European Communities and to the European Union established by the Treaty on European Union on 1 January 1995; labour law and working conditions; Declaration on Article I-57 Committees will question commissioners on a range of issues linked to the Covid-19 crisis, including the use of personal date in the fight against the pandemic and how the digital transformation can boost recovery; the impact on security and migration; and how the crisis is affecting the media and creative sectors. Ordinary revision procedure Article III-209 PROTOCOL ON THE PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION Per il Presidente della Repubblica italiana Members of the team may decide alternative arrangements among themselves. *** signature *** Article 5 7. PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE COMMISSION, INCLUDING THE UNION MINISTER FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS In cases of imperative need arising from changes in the situation and failing a review of the European decision pursuant to the second subparagraph of paragraph 1, Member States may take the necessary measures as a matter of urgency, having regard to the general objectives of that decision. Celex Test 1. (e) Exceptionally and in duly justified cases, limited extensions in terms of duration may be granted for disbursement. "A protective Europe would look after its essential workers. (b) Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and to freedom of association with others, including the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests. The measures necessary for the implementation of these programmes shall be adopted under the terms of paragraph 1 or 2, as the case may be. 12 The Member States shall facilitate the achievement of the Union's tasks and refrain from any measure which could jeopardise the attainment of the Union's objectives. Calls for a swift update of the EU Global Strategy in the light of the global impact of the crisis; draws particular attention to the so-called ‘corona-diplomacy'; reiterates that the EU must be ready to strategically communicate and fight external disinformation and adapt continuously to the changing geopolitical landscape, without ever compromising its core values; calls on the Commission and Council to act strategically in the world and within Europe to put into motion the ambition of a geopolitical Union; 9 Explanation Article I-56 10. Thereafter the Council may adopt a European decision repealing it. Within the European Council, its President and the President of the Commission shall not take part in the vote. It shall initiate the Union's annual and multiannual programming with a view to achieving interinstitutional agreements.2. stimulation of the training and mobility of researchers in the Union. The Committee of the Regions shall consist of representatives of regional and local bodies who either hold a regional or local authority electoral mandate or are politically accountable to an elected assembly.3. 1. (b) In that case, this Protocol shall no longer apply to Ireland. OJ L 173, 7.7.1994, p. 1. He noted that even before the crisis the EU had experienced years of low growth and argued that EU rules should be changed to boost the economy and ensure more self-sufficiency. Article III-247 Aids shall be compatible with the Constitution if they meet the needs of coordination of transport or if they represent reimbursement for the discharge of certain obligations inherent in the concept of a public service. If the decision concerns a member of the General Court or of a specialised court, the Court shall decide after consulting the court concerned. 2. In consequence of Article 1 and subject to Articles 3, 4 and 6, none of the provisions of Section 2 or Section 3 of Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution or of Article III-260 of the Constitution, insofar as that Article relates to the areas covered by those Sections, or of Article III-263 or Article III-275(2)(a) of the Constitution, no measure adopted pursuant to those Sections or Articles, no provision of any international agreement concluded by the Union pursuant to those Sections or Articles, and no decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union interpreting any such provision or measure shall be binding upon or applicable in the United Kingdom or Ireland; and no such provision, measure or decision shall in any way affect the competences, rights and obligations of those States; and no such provision, measure or decision shall in any way affect the Community or Union acquis nor form part of Union law as they apply to the United Kingdom or Ireland. Lard stearin, oleostearin and tallow stearin; lard oil, oleo-oil and tallow oil, not emulsified or mixed or prepared in any way In the sixth indent of Article 7(1), the term &#x2018; Ombudsman of the European Communities &#x2019; shall be replaced by &#x2018; European Ombudsman &#x2019; . Article III-378 The Council shall adopt European regulations and decisions determining: Parliament wants the EU should adopt these targets well in advance of the COP26 UN Climate change conference, which has been postponed until 2021 due to the pandemic. In the event that a financing operation relating to an approved investment has to be restructured in order to safeguard the Bank's rights and interests, the Management Committee shall take without delay the emergency measures which it deems necessary, subject to immediate reporting thereon to the Board of Directors. the mechanisms necessary to ensure that proceedings by non-Member States and individual applications are correctly addressed to Member States and/or the Union as appropriate. "The Parliament will continue to fulfil its democratic role", he added. How Covid-19 affects Erasmus and EU Solidarity Corps Such measures shall be consistent with the development policy of the Union and shall be carried out within the framework of the principles and objectives of its external action. Article I-11 5. Without prejudice to the application of other provisions of the Constitution, the objectives in paragraph 1 shall be achieved by measures enacted in European laws or framework laws. No one shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Article I-17 For the negotiation and conclusion of the agreements referred to in paragraph 3, the Council shall act by a qualified majority. (b) Article III-253 1. The products listed in Annex I shall be subject to Articles III-227 to III-232.4. Lard and other rendered pig fat; rendered poultry fat Accordingly, the Commission should liaise closely with all Member States, whether or not they have a national serving as member of the Commission, and in this context pay special attention to the need to share information and consult with all Member States. subject to the provisions of the Constitution relating, on the one hand, to the rules on the liability of officials and other servants towards the Union and, on the other hand, to the jurisdiction of the Court of Justice of the European Union in disputes between the Union and its officials and other servants, be immune from legal proceedings in respect of acts performed by them in their official capacity, including their words spoken or written. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee. (a) Article 3 39 European framework laws referred to in paragraph 1 shall as a general rule give priority to those services which directly affect production costs or the liberalisation of which helps to promote trade in goods. (v) "The 'use it or lose it' rule has already been temporarily suspended on a number of occasions in the past and the Parliament is committed to finding a quick solution with the Council," added the Chair. This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers. Apart from normal replacement, or death, the duties of a Judge shall end when he resigns. The weightings assigned to the national central banks shall be adjusted every five years after the establishment of the European System of Central Banks by analogy with paragraph 1. CHAPTER 7 1. ), in accordance with Article 128 of that Agreement. Article III-313 Member States shall, within the framework of a joint programme, encourage the exchange of young workers. This Subsection and measures adopted in pursuance thereof shall not prejudice the applicability of provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States providing for special treatment for foreign nationals on grounds of public policy, public security or public health.2. 35. Article 4 Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Portuguese Communities