Protocol on the convergence criteria the delegated European regulation may enter into force only if no objection has been expressed by the European Parliament or the Council within a period set by the European law or framework law. any agreement or category of agreements between undertakings, If action by the Union should prove necessary to facilitate the exercise of the right, referred to in Article I-10(2)(a), of every citizen of the Union to move and reside freely and the Constitution has not provided the necessary powers, European laws or framework laws may establish measures for that purpose.2. Article 2 12 14. Article 50 No one shall be required to perform forced or compulsory labour.3. The European Parliament shall forward its draft European legislative acts and its amended drafts to national Parliaments. Everyone is equal before the law. EU Covid-19 aid on its way to non-EU countries (d) Article II-63 PROTOCOL ON THE STATUTE OF THE EUROPEAN SYSTEM OF CENTRAL BANKS AND OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK FREEDOMS Part Three, Title II (a) ANNEX I 6 The criterion on the convergence of interest rates referred to in Article III-198(1)(d) of the Constitution shall mean that, observed over a period of one year before the examination, the Member State concerned has had an average nominal long-term interest rate that does not exceed by more than 2 percentage points that of, at most, the three best performing Member States in terms of price stability. The criterion on the government budgetary position referred to in Article III-198(1)(b) of the Constitution shall mean that at the time of the examination the Member State concerned is not the subject of a European decision of the Council under Article III-184(6) of the Constitution that an excessive deficit exists. (d) On behalf of the EPP group, Esteban González Pons (Spain) underlined Parliament's role: "While the plague is going on, the Parliament cannot close... 2. TITLE VII The Union shall coordinate the policies by which the Member States aim to achieve these objectives, and shall exercise on a Community basis the competences they confer on it.2. Article III-399 ). The rules will include, in particular, provisions on marking and/or labelling of products, on the conditions of registration of vessels, on the application of the rule on mixed origin for fishery products, and also provisions enabling the origin of products to be determined. This report shall take account of the development of the Union. 2,2742 % ( Customs duties on imports into each country or territory from Member States or from the other countries or territories shall be prohibited in accordance with Article III-151(4). 6. Protocol relating to Article I-9(2) of the Constitution on the accession of the Union to the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms Calls for increased EU support to the Western Balkans (e.g. through their inclusion in the EU Solidarity Fund and exemption from the temporary export authorisation scheme for protective equipment), and for a strengthening of the visibility of this support in order to demonstrate the EU's solidarity with these countries and peoples; calls for a special focus on minorities with low access to healthcare services such as the Romani people; 71 A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. Nothing in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe or in the Treaties and Acts modifying or supplementing it shall affect the application in the territory of Malta of national legislation relating to abortion. In fulfilling his or her mandate, the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall be assisted by a European External Action Service. The acts referred to in the first paragraph concern in particular areas such as customs and trade policies, fiscal policy, free zones, agriculture and fisheries policies, conditions for supply of raw materials and essential consumer goods, State aids and conditions of access to structural funds and to horizontal Union programmes. 8. MEPs also asked the Commission to keep the culture and education committee updated about the number of participants currently on an exchange, their situation and the measures taken to support them. ) as if they were resident or employed in the territory of the Republic of Cyprus. All necessary efforts shall be made to ensure that the share of ecopoints allocated to Greece takes sufficient account of Greek needs in this context. Article 16 Part III, Title III, Chapter I, Section 5 actions to be undertaken by the Union; be recognised by the Member State concerned. The Economic and Social Committee shall elect its chairman and officers from among its members for a term of two and a half years. A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained. 1. Celex Test All the Union's activities in the area of research and technological development, including demonstration projects, shall be decided on and implemented in accordance with this Section. Article I-5 (a) As apps could expose sensitive user data, Parliament has underlined the need to ensure they are designed carefully. THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SLOVENIA, 2. 2 General provisions Open market and credit operations No one shall be held in slavery or servitude.2. ) (d) (a) BEARING IN MIND that the Constitution establishes an area without internal frontiers and grants every citizen of the Union the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States; Jean-Claude JUNCKER Those States shall inform the Council immediately should the completion of the task entail major consequences or require amendment of the objective, scope and conditions determined for the task in the European decisions referred to in paragraph 1. Declaration on Article III-243 (a) 24 7. Finland, Denmark, Sweden and the Netherlands continue to register the best scores. This Article is fully in line with Article III-122 of the Constitution and does not create any new right. They have been updated under the responsibility of the Praesidium of the European Convention, in the light of the drafting adjustments made to the text of the Charter by that Convention (notably to Articles 51 and 52( Article IV-437 Enhanced support to EU fishermen, aquaculture farmers and agri-food producers compatibility of structural materials; The Assistant Rapporteurs shall be chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who possess the necessary legal qualifications; they shall be appointed by a European decision of the Council, acting by a simple majority. the granting of limited credits by other Member States, subject to their agreement. To promote scientific and technical progress, industrial competitiveness and the implementation of its policies, the Union shall draw up a European space policy. The European Parliament shall be composed of representatives of the Union's citizens. (b) Provisions on the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man Protocol on the acquisition of property in Denmark When entering upon their duties they shall give a solemn undertaking that, both during and after their term of office, they will respect the obligations arising therefrom and in particular their duty to behave with integrity and discretion as regards the acceptance, after they have ceased to hold office, of certain appointments or benefits. Legal aid shall be made available to those who lack sufficient resources insofar as such aid is necessary to ensure effective access to justice. 1. Proof of EU solidarity is easy to find. (d) TITLE II Authentic texts and translations OJ L 375, 23.12.1989, p. Prime Minister Article III-400 All migrants arriving in the hotspots undergo a mandatory health check. Article III-286 (g)