Its purpose is to guarantee that every decision is based on a specific examination and that no single measure can be taken to expel all persons having the nationality of a particular State (see also Article 13 of the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights). Article III-168 "We welcome the European Commission's announcement of Friday 13 March on the mobilization of available resources within the cohesion policy destined to leverage even more funding for our health systems, SMEs and labour markets impacted. 13 Latvia Where a Member State with a derogation is in difficulties or is seriously threatened with difficulties as regards its balance of payments either as a result of an overall disequilibrium in its balance of payments, or as a result of the type of currency at its disposal, and where such difficulties are liable in particular to jeopardise the functioning of the internal market or the implementation of the common commercial policy, the Commission shall immediately investigate the position of the State in question and the action which, making use of all the means at its disposal, that State has taken or may take in accordance with the Constitution. 29,85 (b) They shall also be responsible for coordinating use of the Schengen Facility with assistance from other Union instruments, ensuring compatibility with Union policies and measures and compliance with the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities or with the European law replacing it. By virtue of Article 52(3) of the Charter( MEPs also approved, following informal agreement with the Council, a series of improvements that will allow support to be given to new fishers and fishers on foot (i.e. those fishing without a boat). The business plan for the benefiting company Nová Hut shall be implemented. consumer protection; prevention of occupational accidents and diseases; Article IV-445 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the Commission and after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament, which shall act by a majority of its component members. ) What the EU is doing The Council of Ministers (hereinafter referred to as the &#x2018; Council &#x2019; ), (g) Establishment of the Union Calls on the Member States to effectively guarantee safe and timely access to sexual and reproductive health and rights (SRHR) and the necessary healthcare services for all women and girls during the COVID-19 pandemic, especially access to contraception, including emergency contraception, and to abortion care; strongly rejects any attempts to backtrack on SRHR and LGBTI rights, and in this context condemns the attempts to further criminalise abortion care, stigmatise HIV positive people, and undermine young people's access to sexuality education in Poland, as well as the attack on transgender and intersex people's rights in Hungary; The adopted measures will enter into force once published in the Official Journal of the European Union in the coming days. 93 contribute to the advisory functions referred to in Articles 4 and 25(1). Maximum flexibility to channel EU structural funds not yet used to fight impact of Covid-19 on people (d) 8 Für den Bundespräsidenten der Republik Österreich It shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. The contributions to the Research Fund for Coal and Steel shall be made in four instalments starting in 2006 and paid as follows, in each case on the first working day of the first month of each year: (b) South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Article II-110 Without prejudice to Article 38, the President or his nominee shall represent the European Central Bank externally. COVID-19: MEPs call for a more unified EU response 1 Article 69 Denmark shall not be obliged to contribute to the financing of operational expenditure arising from such measures, nor to make military capabilities available to the Union. ENHANCED COOPERATION 7 In that case it shall adopt, without undue delay, on a recommendation from the Commission, recommendations addressed to the Member State concerned with a view to bringing that situation to an end within a given period. 1 Article III-133 RECALLING AND CONFIRMING the Decision of 8 April 1965, and without prejudice to the decisions concerning the seat of future institutions, bodies, offices, agencies and departments, 34 MEPs also voice their support for increasing EU production of key products such as medicines, pharmaceutical ingredients, medical devices, equipment and materials, to be better prepared for future global shocks. By way of derogation from the third and fourth paragraphs, where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the required qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. Poland DÁ FHIANÚ SIN, chuir na Lánchumhachtaigh thíos-sínithe a lámh leis an gConradh seo HAS DECIDED AS FOLLOWS: If, until the end of a period of up to three years after 1 May 2004, difficulties arise which are serious and liable to persist in any sector of the economy or which could bring about serious deterioration in the economic situation of a given area, a new Member State may apply for authorisation to take protective measures in order to rectify the situation and adjust the sector concerned to the economy of the internal market. To help limit the transmission of the virus in Europe and beyond, the EU has closed its external borders to non-essential travel, while ensuring essential goods keep moving across the EU through the introduction of green lanes. Minimum reserves Article 31 Calls on the Commission to strengthen all components of crisis management and disaster response, and to further strengthen instruments such as RescEU to ensure a truly common, coordinated and effective response at EU level; believes that European disaster risk management, preparedness and prevention should be enhanced in addition to common equipment, materials and medicines stocks, in order to allow for their quick mobilisation to protect the lives and livelihoods of EU citizens; believes that the EU Civil Protection Mechanism should be strengthened in order to facilitate the joint repatriation of EU citizens; If the mutual assistance recommended by the Commission is not granted by the Council or if the mutual assistance granted and the measures taken are insufficient, the Commission shall authorise the Member State with a derogation, which is in difficulties, to take protective measures, the conditions and details of which the Commission shall determine. The amount of each national central bank's monetary income shall be equal to its annual income derived from its assets held against notes in circulation and deposit liabilities to credit institutions. by national authorities regarding any draft legislative provision in its fields of competence, but within the limits and under the conditions set out by the Council in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 41. Constitution Portugal 29. Article 3 1. Article III-179(4), third and fourth subparagraphs, of the Constitution, Spain European Added Value in Action Noting Slovakia's commitment to close Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Bohunice V1 nuclear power plant at the end of 2006 and 2008 respectively and declaring the Union's willingness to continue to provide financial aid until 2006 in continuation of the pre-accession aid planned under the Phare programme in support of Slovakia's decommissioning effort; Article 7 encouraging mobility of students and teachers, inter alia by encouraging the academic recognition of diplomas and periods of study; Celex Test aggregation, for the purpose of acquiring and retaining the right to benefit and of calculating the amount of benefit, of all periods taken into account under the laws of the different countries; Objectives European laws and framework laws may delegate to the Commission the power to adopt delegated European regulations to supplement or amend certain non-essential elements of the law or framework law. (a) In order to conduct their operations, the European Central Bank and the national central banks may open accounts for credit institutions, public entities and other market participants, and accept assets, including book entry securities, as collateral. Data protection: tracking coronavirus, not you 9 Trafficking in human beings is prohibited. Article 1(3) shall be deleted. This has often resulted in restrictions on people's rights, including for example the right of assembly and freedom of movement, and increased authority for the executive branches of government. Article III-275 THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS, Although it is unable to organise physical events for visitors to enjoy because of the coronavirus, Parliament is offering a full day of virtual programmes including Facebook lives and an online exhibition . Article 10 But we have not stopped, because democracy cannot be suspended in the midst of such a dramatic crisis. 3. 1. Member States shall, in liaison with the Commission, coordinate among themselves their policies and programmes in the areas referred to in paragraph 1. Special representatives may be involved in briefing the European Parliament.2. (b) Article 54 2204 The European Investment Bank referred to in Article III-393 of the Constitution (hereinafter called the &#x2018; Bank &#x2019; ) is hereby constituted; it shall perform its functions and carry on its activities in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and of this Statute. The following chapter shall be inserted at the beginning of Title III of the EAEC Treaty: Article 31 20. (c) The authorities of the territories referred to in Article 8 shall apply the same treatment to all natural and legal persons of the Union. (b)