A high level of human health protection shall be ensured in the definition and implementation of all the Union's policies and activities. 6. Paragraph 4 and Subsection 3 on the prohibition of quantitative restrictions shall apply to products originating in Member States and to products coming from third countries which are in free circulation in Member States.3. research reactors and relevant fuels; Declaration by the Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Hungary on the spelling of the name of the single currency in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe A European law of the Council may make the adaptations to the provisions of this Protocol relating to the common agricultural policy which may prove necessary as a result of a modification of Union law. By way of derogation from the second and third paragraphs, where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, the required qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. Article 44 Such cooperation shall be governed by Article III-312. Notwithstanding Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution, State aid granted by the Czech Republic for restructuring purposes to specified parts of the Czech steel industry from 1997 to 2003 shall be deemed to be compatible with the internal market provided that: The Board of Governors may, acting unanimously, decide to establish subsidiaries or other entities, which shall have legal personality and financial autonomy.2. (b) - The Commission, whenever it considers it desirable, shall consult the Committee on transport matters. 1. The European Parliament, the Council and the Commission shall ensure that the financial means are made available to allow the Union to fulfil its legal obligations in respect of third parties. This candidate shall be elected by the European Parliament by a majority of its component members. From 1 January 1973, Ireland shall place at the disposal of the European Atomic Energy Community information obtained in the nuclear field in Ireland, which is given limited distribution, insofar as strictly commercial applications are not involved. 3,40 Malta shall apply authorisation procedures for the acquisition of immovable property for secondary residence purposes in Malta, which shall be based on published, objective, stable and transparent criteria. CONVINCED that a more assertive Union role in security and defence matters will contribute to the vitality of a renewed Atlantic Alliance, in accordance with the Berlin Plus arrangements; Within the budget the Commission may, subject to the limits and conditions laid down by the European law referred to in Article III-412, transfer appropriations from one chapter to another or from one subdivision to another. 1. The Union's objectives Figures for 2020 concerning hostages are not available yet. Protocol This would enable them to coordinate the response at European level without delay, and direct the necessary resources to where they are most needed, be they material like face masks, respirators and medicines or financial aid. The Union and the Member States shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organisations in the sphere of culture, in particular the Council of Europe.4. Article III-241 - 1. (b) External action, international solidarity and cooperation These explanations were originally prepared under the authority of the Praesidium of the Convention which drafted the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. The Climate Law must be approved by the Parliament and the Council of Ministers before it can come into effect. The Court of Justice shall sit in chambers, as a Grand Chamber or as a full Court, in accordance with the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union. the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt recommendations. 5. Union law The institutions, bodies, offices and agencies responsible for those procedures shall take all appropriate measures to that effect. (a) In these cases, the aim is political, to undermine the European Union or to create political shifts. The European Central Bank Article 10 The Constitution and law adopted by the institutions of the Union in exercising competences conferred on it shall have primacy over the law of the Member States. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee. 1 COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY POLICY Netherlands CHAPTER 24 TITLE V The Union's advisory bodies In the field of social security, European laws or framework laws shall establish such measures as are necessary to bring about freedom of movement for workers by making arrangements to secure for employed and self-employed migrant workers and their dependants: 24 Every citizen of the Union has the freedom to seek employment, to work, to exercise the right of establishment and to provide services in any Member State. The terms of office of the new members of the Committees and groups set up by the Commission which are listed in Annex XVII to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office on 1 May 2004. the conditions of entry and residence, and standards on the issue by Member States of long-term visas and residence permits, including those for the purpose of family reunion; 49,30 The European Commission has put Europeans at risk. Article III-265 1. Article 60 62 Iffirmaw ukoll dan l-Att Finali, fil-kapacità taghhom ta' Stati kandidati ta' l-Unjoni Ewropea, bhala osservaturi ghall-Konferenza: Article 1 (d) 47 the Duo Mill shall be permanently closed no later than 31 December 2006. OJ L 278, 8.10.1976, p. Article 4 Cash payments shall be made exclusively in euro. COMMON COMMERCIAL POLICY preserving, protecting and improving the quality of the environment; the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States; (b) In order to address the shortcomings identified in the preparation for participation in Schengen, the following types of action shall be eligible for financing under the Schengen Facility: )) and of further developments of Union law. such other categories of aid as may be specified by European regulations or decisions adopted by the Council on a proposal from the Commission. To contribute to attaining the objectives referred to in paragraph 1, European laws or framework laws shall establish the necessary measures, which may take the form of a European space programme.3. Article 51 SECTION 2 The Member States take note of the fact that the Hellenic Government has embarked upon the implementation of a policy of industrialisation and economic development designed to align the standards of living in Greece with those of the other Member States and to eliminate underemployment while progressively evening out regional differences in levels of development. Article III-410 (d) Protocol on the financial consequences of the expiry of the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community and on the Research Fund for Coal and Steel Maximum flexibility to channel EU structural funds not yet used to fight impact of COVID-19 on citizens It shall act after consulting the European Parliament. Article 63 *** signature *** This Article shall not prevent States from requiring the licensing of broadcasting, television or cinema enterprises. Find out how the European Parliament is working to protect people travelling by plane, rail, ship and bus. 1. THE CONFERENCE OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE MEMBER STATES, convened in Brussels on 30 September 2003 to adopt by common accord the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, has adopted the following texts: Declaration by the Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Hungary on the spelling of the name of the single currency in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. Declaration on Article III-419 Having regard to Articles 60 and 61 of the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden, the Conference recognises the obligations and commitments of Sweden and Finland with regard to the Sami people under national and international law. Article 19 In cases where shifting the burden of proof does not apply, the Kingdom of Spain shall continue to require the patent holder to adduce proof of infringement. Draft European legislative acts shall take account of the need for any burden, whether financial or administrative, falling upon the Union, national governments, regional or local authorities, economic operators and citizens, to be minimised and commensurate with the objective to be achieved. No one shall be deprived of his possessions except in the public interest and subject to the conditions provided for by law and by the general principles of international law.