the free and informed consent of the person concerned, according to the procedures laid down by law; 12,20 PROTOCOL ON ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND TERRITORIAL COHESION 5 They shall be responsible to the Registrar under the authority of the President. Justice Commissioner Didier Reynders promised MEPs that the Commission will continue to closely monitor the situation regarding the rule of law in member states. In order to allow cotton producers to concentrate supply and to adapt production to market requirements, a system shall be introduced to encourage the formation of producer groups and federations of such groups. lay down guidelines within which the Commission is to work; The European Central Bank shall respect as far as possible existing practices regarding the issue and design of banknotes. Also on the agenda is a debate with the Council and the Commission on EU-coordinated action to combat the Covid-19 pandemic and its consequences. Those Rules shall require the consent of the Council. In such a case, the authorisation to proceed with enhanced cooperation referred to in Articles I-44(2) and III-419(1) shall be deemed to be granted and the provisions on enhanced cooperation shall apply. 1. Declaration on Article I-36 This organisation shall take one of the following forms, depending on the product concerned: 3. 2 HAVE AGREED upon the following provision, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: The Member States shall coordinate their economic policies within the Union. Any undertaking or public or private entity may apply directly to the Bank for financing. To that end, the Conference stresses that specific provisions have been included in Section 5 of Title V of the Protocol on the Treaties and Acts of Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic, of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic, and of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. The Board of Governors shall consist of the ministers designated by the Member States. (c) Czech Republic It shall act on a Commission proposal, subject to Article III-264, and after consulting the European Parliament. to promote the smooth operation of payment systems. The Commission shall act by a majority of its members. Where a European decision adopted in accordance with Chapter II so provides, the Council may adopt restrictive measures under the procedure referred to in paragraph 1 against natural or legal persons and groups or non-State entities.3. (b) If the Commission concludes that this objective has not been achieved on a sustainable basis, the Council, acting in accordance with Article 75 of the EC Treaty, may adopt measures, within a Community framework, which ensure equivalent protection of the environment, in particular a 60 % reduction of pollution. (d) 6. Such meetings shall take place, when necessary, to discuss questions related to the specific responsibilities they share with regard to the single currency. Article 49 More than nine million people have taken part in the Erasmus+ programme over the last 30 years and nearly 800,000 people benefited from the programme in 2017 alone. Article III-217 It must be respected and protected. for the purposes of Article 9(1), determine the principles applicable to financing operations undertaken within the framework of the Bank's task; (c) (iii) (g) A Cohesion Fund set up by a European law shall provide a financial contribution to projects in the fields of environment and trans-European networks in the area of transport infrastructure. Check out our timeline of EU actions against the coronavirus for a clear picture by theme. ) Points out that specific provisions to that end have been included in Title V of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. CHAPTER 54 2. Consequently: Together with member states and EU agencies, the Commission has set up an emergency contingency plan, regularly monitors the situation and has adopted new measures. While delays to cross border flows of agriculture goods were solved by the introduction of so-called green lanes , which allow the circulation of vehicles transporting critical goods, the aquaculture, agriculture and fish sectors still face serious difficulties. Countries are scored between 0 and 100 taking into account criteria such as pluralism, media independence, legislative framework, transparency and level of abuse against journalists. In this connection, the powers of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank in respect of national central banks shall be the same as those conferred upon the Commission in respect of Member States by Article III-360. The Commission shall report to the European Parliament, to the Council and to the Economic and Social Committee every three years on the application of Article I-10 and of this Title. Animal or vegetable fats and oils, hydrogenated, whether or not refined, but not further prepared Where such a question is raised before any court or tribunal of a Member State, that court or tribunal may, if it considers that a decision on the question is necessary to enable it to give judgment, request the Court to give a ruling thereon. Malta When the mandate referred to in Article I-32(2) on the basis of which they were proposed comes to an end, the term of office of members of the Committee shall terminate automatically and they shall then be replaced for the remainder of the said term of office in accordance with the same procedure. (b) The maximum additional appropriations for headings 1, 2, 3 and 5 of the Financial Perspective related to enlargement are set out in Annex XV to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. One fo the committee meeting held in the European Parliament via video conference. 3. Welcomes the European solidarity in action shown by Member States in their treating of patients from other Member States, supplying health care equipment, including via EU-led procurement initiatives and stockpiling, and in repatriating citizens; stresses that borders must remain open within the EU for the circulation of PPE, food, medicine, medical devices, blood-derived products and organs as well as the supply chain in the Single Market; underlines the need to facilitate the mobilisation of health professionals and call for the deployment of the European Medical Corps to deliver medical assistance; further emphasises the need to facilitate the transportation of patients from saturated hospitals in one Member State to another where capacity is still available; Article III-341 The provisions of the following Articles shall take effect on 1 November 2009: Without prejudice to certain measures adopted by the Union, the Member States shall finance and implement the environment policy. The Conference also considers that the Commission should take all the necessary measures to ensure that political, social and economic realities in all Member States, including those which have no national serving as member of the Commission, are fully taken into account. Monitoring shall include an independent evaluation to be carried out in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006. The Union shall conduct the common foreign and security policy by: 36. *** signature *** It shall reply orally or in writing to questions put to it by the European Parliament or by its members.3. As long as a Member State fails to comply with a European decision adopted in accordance with paragraph 9, the Council may decide to apply or, as the case may be, intensify one or more of the following measures: Edible fruit and nuts; peel of melons or citrus fruit This right is also based on Article 11 of the Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers. Article 9 1. 2. Article 3 In carrying out the tasks entrusted to it under this Article the Commission shall be guided by: The outbreak of the coronavirus is affecting all countries and member states and the EU are determined to tackle it together. It shall ensure the absence of internal border controls for persons and shall frame a common policy on asylum, immigration and external border control, based on solidarity between Member States, which is fair towards third-country nationals. If the Council does not adopt such measures, the transitional period shall be automatically extended for a final period of three years, during which the provisions of paragraph 3 shall apply.6. 3. The statistical data to be used for the application of this Article shall be provided by the Commission in accordance with the rules laid down by the Council under the procedure provided for in Article 41.3. THE CONFERENCE, 1 1. The minimum age of admission to employment may not be lower than the minimum school-leaving age, without prejudice to such rules as may be more favourable to young people and except for limited derogations. Limitations must therefore respect Article 9(2) of the Convention, which reads as follows: &#x2018; Freedom to manifest one's religion or beliefs shall be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of public safety, for the protection of public order, health or morals, or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others. &#x2019; Article II-112 (g) Article 7 Their term of office shall be renewable. Welcomes the initiatives taken by the UN Secretary General for a multilateral approach of the COVID-19 crisis and its global consequences and calls for an internationally coordinated approach; Calls on the Commission, the Council and Member States to politically and financially support UN initiatives to coordinate efforts at international level, primarily through the ‘COVID-19 Global Humanitarian Response Plan' and ‘COVID-19 Response and Recovery Fund'; Article II-84 The Bank may participate in the management of these bodies and contribute to their subscribed capital up to the amount determined by the Board of Governors, acting unanimously. Article III-293 1. 2. The right to marry and the right to found a family shall be guaranteed in accordance with the national laws governing the exercise of these rights.