THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, the conditions of employment, in particular the salaries, allowances and pensions, of the President and members of the Court of Auditors; The European Parliament and national Parliaments shall be kept informed of the proceedings. The President of the European Commission (f) PROTOCOL ON CERTAIN TASKS OF THE NATIONAL BANK OF DENMARK Slovakia 7. The duration of this process shall not exceed nine months, unless the management and labour concerned and the Commission decide jointly to extend it. 2. Article III-134 Freedom of assembly and of association The European Council may, unanimously, adopt a European decision authorising the Council to act by a qualified majority when adopting the European law of the Council referred to in paragraph 2. For the implementation of Article 4(2), the High Contracting Parties have decided that the quantity of 2 million tonnes of petroleum products from the Antilles shall be allocated among the following Member States as follows: The banknotes issued by the European Central Bank and the national central banks shall be the only such notes to have the status of legal tender within the Union. 83 The Union's measures and those of the Member States shall complement and reinforce each other.2. The European Parliament or the Council may request the opinion of the Commission throughout the procedure, which the Commission may also deliver on its own initiative. ) Within the framework of this Treaty, the references to the Union and to the Constitution in the provisions referred to in paragraph 1 and those in the protocols annexed both to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and to this Treaty shall be taken, respectively, as references to the European Atomic Energy Community and to this Treaty.3. the right to petition the European Parliament, to apply to the European Ombudsman, and to address the institutions and advisory bodies of the Union in any of the Constitution's languages and to obtain a reply in the same language. European regulations, and European decisions when the latter do not specify to whom they are addressed, shall be published in the Certain practices are prohibited in the EU, thanks thanks to the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive , including deceiving consumers about the benefits or results expected from a product, claiming it can cure an illness or tsaying hat it is available for a limited time only. It shall prepare the decisions of the Board of Directors, including decisions on the raising of loans and the granting of finance, in particular in the form of loans and guarantees. Explanation This Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe shall repeal the Treaty establishing the European Community, the Treaty on European Union and, under the conditions laid down in the Protocol on the acts and treaties having supplemented or amended the Treaty establishing the European Community and the Treaty on European Union, the acts and treaties which have supplemented or amended them, subject to paragraph 2 of this Article. 1. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European regulations or decisions laying down the rules for the application of this Subsection and in particular the rules of origin applicable to trade, as referred to in Articles 34, 35 and 37, including the provisions concerning the identification of originating products and the control of origin. The Council shall forward the decision immediately to the European Parliament. Parliament will meet in plenary this Thursday and Friday to debate and vote on the latest Commission proposals to address the effects of the Covid-19 outbreak in the EU. But, in any case, the aid paid out in the period of 1997-2003 in its total amount shall not exceed PLN 3 387 070 000. (a) Members of the Board of Directors shall be chosen from persons whose independence and competence are beyond doubt. Explanation 6. It shall adopt its annual reports, special reports or opinions by a majority of its component members. OJ L 83, 1.4.2003, p. 1. (e) at least three quarters of the number of Member States. They may express their views freely. In the event of the Commission not submitting a proposal, it shall inform the Member States concerned of the reasons for not doing so. Paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be without prejudice to Article III-196 of the Constitution. Article 2 Except where the Constitution provides otherwise, decisions of the European Council shall be taken by consensus. The Governing Council shall adopt the guidelines and take the decisions necessary to ensure the performance of the tasks entrusted to the European System of Central Banks under the Constitution and this Statute. Celex Test Without prejudice to Article III-344, a Political and Security Committee shall monitor the international situation in the areas covered by the common foreign and security policy and contribute to the definition of policies by delivering opinions to the Council at the request of the latter, or of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs, or on its own initiative. 24 1. In the event of one or more Member States being confronted by an emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt European regulations or decisions comprising provisional measures for the benefit of the Member State(s) concerned. In respect of the European Investment Bank's activity in managing Union revenue and expenditure, rights of access by the Court of Auditors to information held by the Bank shall be governed by an agreement between the Court of Auditors, the Bank and the Commission. Article III-401 Provisions on Gibraltar The General Council shall be informed by the President of the European Central Bank of decisions of the Governing Council. Overdraft facilities or any other type of credit facility with the European Central Bank or with the central banks of the Member States (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; national central banks &#x2019; ) in favour of Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, central governments, regional, local or other public authorities, other bodies governed by public law, or public undertakings of Member States shall be prohibited, as shall the purchase directly from them by the European Central Bank or national central banks of debt instruments.2. Article 46 Article 39 thermohydrodynamics; Their legal effects shall be preserved until those acts are repealed, annulled or amended in implementation of this Treaty. The Council shall act after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. to promote the smooth operation of payment systems. Article III-316 the United Kingdom shall be responsible for issuing any licences, authorisations or certificates which may be required under any applicable Union measure in respect of goods imported into or exported from the island of Cyprus by the forces of the United Kingdom. From donating ventilators to taking in critical patients, EU countries are doing their best to help each other in the corona crisis. (b) ), subject to the conditions set out in the amendment of that Regulation in Annex II to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. As a complement to its lending activity, the Bank may provide technical assistance services in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down by the Board of Governors, acting by a qualified majority, and in compliance with this Statute. Am I entitled to compensation? subject to point (a), each successive Commission shall be so composed as to reflect satisfactorily the demographic and geographical range of all the Member States. The Union and the Member States, in accordance with Article III-415, shall counter fraud and any other illegal activities affecting the financial interests of the Union. Declaration on the Sami people The national aids provided for in paragraph 1 may be related to physical factors of production, such as hectares of agricultural land or heads of animal taking account of the relevant limits laid down in the common organisations of the market, as well as the historical production patterns of each farm, but must not: Proceedings against the Union in matters arising from non-contractual liability shall be barred after a period of five years from the occurrence of the event giving rise thereto. 1. Declaration on the ratification of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe The Chair of the Political and Security Committee shall be held by a representative of the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. Article 48 common rules applicable to international transport to or from the territory of a Member State or passing across the territory of one or more Member States; Article 31 - ) It shall ensure the application of the Constitution, and measures adopted by the institutions pursuant to the Constitution. It shall be assisted by Advocates-General. Abstentions by members present in person or represented shall not prevent the adoption of European decisions referred to in paragraph 2. If, after giving notice to the parties concerned to submit their comments, the Commission finds that aid granted by a Member State or through State resources is not compatible with the internal market having regard to Article III-167, or that such aid is being misused, it shall adopt a European decision requiring the Member State concerned to abolish or alter such aid within a period of time to be determined by the Commission. H. whereas solidarity among the Member States is not an option but a Treaty obligation and forms part of our European values; Article 43 Insists that the use of export authorisations must not, under any circumstances, turn into de facto export bans; emphasises the importance of maintaining access to scarce medical products for developing countries; stresses that the export of PPE must get to those who need it most and not those who can afford to pay the highest price; considers that to this end, a global catalogue of essential emergency healthcare products must be agreed within the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the World Health Organization (WHO), in order to stop price speculation and facilitate their trade; strongly encourages all countries to join the WTO Pharmaceutical Tariff Elimination Agreement (Zero for Zero) and for its scope to be extended to all pharmaceutical and medicinal products to ensure worldwide cross-border trade; calls on WTO members to make this topic a priority on the agenda of the next WTO Ministerial Meeting; expresses its deep concern at the warning jointly issued by the WTO, WHO and the Food and Agriculture Organization that global restrictive trade measures could lead to food shortages around the world; calls for measures to minimise disruption to food supply chains, thus preventing the exacerbation of food insecurity and price volatility; calls on all Member States to use all available tools to ensure that effective mechanisms are in place to assess potential investment and acquisitions of critical infrastructure and strategical industrial capacities in the EU, and to take mitigating or blocking measures as needed; calls on the Commission to quickly advance the WTO e-commerce negotiations to guarantee rules for rapidly increasing online trade, especially for goods; 23,70 Furthermore, the Conference has noted the declarations listed hereafter and annexed to this Final Act: activities of a commercial character; The Hon Lawrence GONZI (ii) OJ L 2, 2.1.1971, p. The funds will be directed towards healthcare systems, SMEs, labour markets and other vulnerable parts of EU member states' economies. SECTION 2 2. Marek BELKA 5.