European laws or framework laws shall establish specific measures to complement actions within the Member States to achieve the objectives referred to in this Article, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. 26 649 532 500 In addition to the individual business reports of the benefiting companies, there shall also be a report on the overall situation of the Czech steel sector, including recent macroeconomic developments, Residues resulting from the treatment of fatty substances or animal or vegetable waxes Article I-53 1. That law shall be adopted after consultation of the institutions concerned. TITLE II 19. Minister for Foreign Affairs Article III-343 A high level of human health protection shall be ensured in the definition and implementation of all Union policies and activities. improve initial and continuing vocational training in order to facilitate vocational integration and reintegration into the labour market; Article 226 The Bank shall protect itself against exchange risks by including in contracts for loans and guarantees such clauses as it considers appropriate. Official Journal of the European Union THE OTHER UNION INSTITUTIONS AND ADVISORY BODIES 1. aid granted to the economy of certain areas of the Federal Republic of Germany affected by the division of Germany, insofar as such aid is required in order to compensate for the economic disadvantages caused by that division. In the cases governed by Article III-369 of the Constitution, the decision of the court or tribunal of a Member State which suspends its proceedings and refers a case to the Court of Justice shall be notified to the Court of Justice by the court or tribunal concerned. (f) 5401 (i) The expenditure shown in the budget shall be authorised for the annual budgetary period in accordance with the European law referred to in Article III-412.4. The arrangements for such consultations may be determined, in due course, by common accord between the European Parliament and the European Council. Italy Everyone has the right of access to data which has been collected concerning him or her, and the right to have it rectified.3. A draft European decision of the European Council, which will be adopted on the date of entry into force of the said Treaty, is set out below: The European Parliament and the Council shall ensure publication of the documents relating to the legislative procedures under the terms laid down by the European law referred to in Article I-50(3). Europe's health sectors are under extreme pressure because of the Covid-19 outbreak. 3. In addition, the EU has set up a huge international tender allowing member states to make joint purchases of equipment and drugs and is mobilising €3.08 billion in EU aid to purchase more tests and help medical staff care for patients. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall each year adopt European regulations or decisions opening and allocating tariff quotas in accordance with the detailed rules laid down in paragraph 1. Within two months from such notification, those countries may lodge at the Court of Justice statements of case or written observations. 1. Judgment shall be pronounced publicly but the press and public may be excluded from all or part of the trial in the interests of morals, public order or national security in a democratic society, where the interests of juveniles or the protection of the private life of the parties so require, or to the extent strictly necessary in the opinion of the court in special circumstances where publicity would prejudice the interests of justice. &#x2019; Prime Minister Paragraph 6 refers to the various Articles in the Charter which, in the spirit of subsidiarity, make reference to national laws and practices. 92 THE PRESIDENT OF THE ITALIAN REPUBLIC, ( These measures shall be taken during a period of three years after 1 May 2004 and their application shall be limited to that period. In the areas of development cooperation and humanitarian aid, the Union shall have competence to carry out activities and conduct a common policy; however, the exercise of that competence shall not result in Member States being prevented from exercising theirs. V Ríme dne dvacátého devátého ríjna dva tisíce ctyri The Court of Justice of the European Union shall, within the limits hereinafter laid down, have jurisdiction in disputes concerning: 13 (ii) It clarifies that such rights remain subject to the conditions and limits applicable to the Union law on which they are based, and for which provision is now made in Parts I and III of the Constitution. The duties referred to in the first subparagraph shall not exceed the level of those imposed on imports of products from the Member State with which each country or territory has special relations. They may not be applied until such authorisation has been given. The Member States declare their willingness to modulate the levels of Union participation in the context of programmes and projects of the Structural Funds, with a view to avoiding excessive increases in budgetary expenditure in the less prosperous Member States.7. cost savings shall be maximised in PHS during the restructuring period through energy efficiency gains, improved purchasing and ensuring productivity yields comparable to Union levels; Workers and employers, or their respective organisations, have, in accordance with Union law and national laws and practices, the right to negotiate and conclude collective agreements at the appropriate levels and, in cases of conflicts of interest, to take collective action to defend their interests, including strike action. Background 2. In its reporting to the Council, the Commission shall ensure that company-specific confidential information is not disclosed. In the Articles referred to in points (a) to (j), &#x2018; Member States &#x2019; shall therefore mean Member States whose currency is the euro. Article 34 The Member States reaffirm their conviction that the European Investment Bank should continue to devote the majority of its resources to the promotion of economic, social and territorial cohesion, and declare their willingness to review the capital needs of the European Investment Bank as soon as this is necessary for that purpose.4. - German EPP member Sabine Verheyen, chair of Parliament's culture committee, said more should be done at the EU level to provide tailored support for culture sector workers until things are back to normal. The Ignalina Programme, as extended in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2, shall be based on the same elements and principles as described in Article 53.4. The Union may take initiatives to ensure coordination of Member States' social policies. Articles 11 to 14 and Article 17 shall apply to the Judges, the Advocates-General, the Registrars and the Assistant Rapporteurs of the Court of Justice of the European Union, without prejudice to the provisions of Article 3 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union concerning immunity from legal proceedings of Judges and Advocates-General. Explanation Article 58 The Council shall act unanimously. 3. If there is a change in circumstances having a substantial effect on a question subject to such a European decision, the Council shall review the principles and objectives of that decision and adopt the necessary European decisions. THE GENERAL COURT Article 30 The Council shall consist of a representative of each Member State at ministerial level, who may commit the government of the Member State in question and cast its vote.3. Each institution shall act within the limits of the powers conferred on it in the Constitution, and in conformity with the procedures and conditions set out in it. Freedom of movement and residence may be granted, in accordance with the Constitution, to nationals of third countries legally resident in the territory of a Member State. 16 Article 19 They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled. Agreements concluded by the Union are binding on the institutions of the Union and on its Member States. Article 39 Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Economic and Social Committee.2. This report shall, if necessary, be accompanied by appropriate proposals. 1. Thar ceann Uachtarán na hÉireann The application shall be accompanied, where appropriate, by the measure the annulment of which is sought or, in the circumstances referred to in Article III-367 of the Constitution, by documentary evidence of the date on which an institution was, in accordance with that Article, requested to act. It shall be the duty of the Advocate-General, acting with complete impartiality and independence, to make, in open court, reasoned submissions on cases which, in accordance with the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union, require his or her involvement. If the draft European legislative act originates from the Court of Justice, the European Central Bank or the European Investment Bank, the President of the Council shall forward the opinion to the institution or body concerned. To this end, the Council and the European Parliament in turn shall examine the accounts, the financial statement and the evaluation report referred to in Article III-408, the annual report by the Court of Auditors together with the replies of the institutions under audit to the observations of the Court of Auditors, the statement of assurance referred to in the second subparagraph of Article III-384(1) and any relevant special reports by the Court of Auditors.2. HAVING REGARD to Article III-432 of the Constitution, healthcare sector in the post-crisis period in order to make health-care systems more resilient and focused on those most in need; Article 35 maintain traditional primary production and processing naturally suited to the climatic conditions of the regions concerned; 2. Article III-151 Crisis situations call for crisis measures and emergency measures have been put in place in member states to contain the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic. If the Council does not approve the European Parliament's position, it shall adopt its position at first reading and communicate it to the European Parliament. Within the scope of application of the Constitution and without prejudice to any of its specific provisions, any discrimination on grounds of nationality shall be prohibited. CHAPTER VII Twice a year it shall hold a debate on progress in implementing the common foreign and security policy, including the common security and defence policy. They shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. For the implementation of this Protocol, the Commission is responsible for following the pattern of imports into the Member States of petroleum products refined in the Netherlands Antilles.