3. coercive means of remedying excessive deficits (Article III-184(9) and (10)); Han firmado asimismo la presente Acta final, en su condición de Estados candidatos a la adhesión a la Unión Europea, observadores ante la Conferencia: Article 35 On the expiry of that deadline, it shall re-examine the request, in accordance with the procedure set out in the second subparagraph. facilitate the exchange at EU level of research and health data by entities working on the development of treatment and/or vaccines; 2. Protocol on permanent structured cooperation established by Article I-41(6) and Article III-312 of the Constitution European laws or framework laws shall lay down the general rules of application of this system and in particular the criteria for fixing and apportioning the quantities concerned. On the first working day of each month the Union shall pay the Czech Republic, Estonia, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Slovenia and Slovakia, as an item of expenditure under the Union budget, one eighth in 2004, as of 1 May 2004, and one twelfth in 2005 and 2006 of the following amounts of a special lump-sum cash-flow facility: Every effort should be made to continue the co-financing practice established under the pre-accession assistance for Lithuania's decommissioning effort as well as to attract co-financing from other sources, as appropriate.7. COMMON PROVISIONS (b) A measure adopted under this paragraph shall be binding upon all Member States which took part in its adoption. Denmark will not prevent the other Member States from further developing their cooperation in this area. Air passengers have the right to compensation if their flight is cancelled less than two weeks before the departure date, unless there are "extraordinary circumstances". 24 2. SECTION 3 *** signature *** Economic and budgetary policies thus need to set the right priorities towards economic reforms, innovation, competitiveness and strengthening of private investment and consumption in phases of weak economic growth. Article 37 Article III-319 give preliminary rulings, at the request of courts or tribunals of the Member States, on the interpretation of Union law or the validity of acts adopted by the institutions; The provisions of this Title shall apply in the light of the Declaration on Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Bohunice V1 nuclear power plant in Slovakia which incorporates, without altering its legal effect, the wording of the preamble to Protocol 9 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. Article I-6 ) The Commission may take any useful initiative to promote such coordination, in particular initiatives aiming at the establishment of guidelines and indicators, the organisation of exchange of best practice, and the preparation of the necessary elements for periodic monitoring and evaluation. In accordance with Article III-186(1) of the Constitution, the Governing Council shall have the exclusive right to authorise the issue of euro banknotes within the Union. Notwithstanding Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution, State aid granted by Poland for restructuring purposes to specified parts of the Polish steel industry shall be deemed to be compatible with the internal market provided that: Specific measures to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak in the fishery and aquaculture sector . This Article is based on Article 1(3) of the European Social Charter and point 13 of the Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers. (g) The Union shall complement the action of the Member States in the tourism sector, in particular by promoting the competitiveness of Union undertakings in that sector. Article III-196 2. Article 2 In addition, the Commission presented its post-lockdown roadmap for effective and coordinated exit strategy with large-scale testing and protective materials for people. European decisions relating to the common foreign and security policy shall be adopted by the European Council and the Council unanimously, except in the cases referred to in Part III. 22,90 Poland 1. The Presidency of Council configurations, other than that of Foreign Affairs, shall be held by Member State representatives in the Council on the basis of equal rotation, in accordance with the conditions established by a European decision of the European Council. TITLE VI 3 promoting cooperation between educational establishments; The European Council shall identify the Union's strategic interests and determine the objectives of its common foreign and security policy. Article III-342 (b) Council, with numerous references to earlier case-law; and a series of judgments on Article 33 (ex 39) on the principles of agricultural law, e.g. judgment of the Court of Justice C-265/85, Van den Berg, 1987 ECR 1155: scrutiny of the principle of market stabilisation and of reasonable expectations) and with the approach of the Member States' constitutional systems to &#x2018; principles &#x2019; particularly in the field of social law. A member of the European Council or the Council may request that, where an act is adopted by the European Council or the Council by a qualified majority, a check is made to ensure that the Member States comprising the qualified majority represent at least 62 % of the total population of the Union. Laila FREIVALDS Article III-210 Third reading The Economic and Social Committee Abstentions by members present in person or represented shall not prevent the adoption by the European Council of acts which require unanimity. In the territory of each Member State and whatever their nationality, officials and other servants of the Union shall: The Union and the Member States concerned shall, within the framework of their respective competences, implement the measures listed in Annex 2 ( Responsibilities of the General Council Applications made direct by an undertaking shall be submitted to the Member State concerned and to the Commission. Minister for Foreign Affairs (a) The Parliament is essential in times of a pandemic. a common system of temporary protection for displaced persons in the event of a massive inflow; Everyone has the right to the protection of personal data concerning him or her.2. The European Council shall regularly assess the threats facing the Union in order to enable the Union and its Member States to take effective action. 1. Denmark may notify the President of the Council in writing, within three months after a proposal or initiative has been presented to the Council pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution, that it wishes to take part in the adoption and application of any such proposed measure, whereupon Denmark shall be entitled to do so.2. The European Parliament shall hold an annual session. A European law of the Council may repeal the transitional provisions set out in this Protocol, when they are no longer applicable. any work required to be done in the ordinary course of detention imposed according to the provisions of Article 5 of this Convention or during conditional release from such detention; In order to attain the objectives set out in Article III-227, a common organisation of agricultural markets shall be established. Annex II - Overseas countries and territories to which Title IV of Part III of the Constitution applies The governments of the Member States shall, wherever possible, take the appropriate measures to remit or refund the amount of indirect taxes or sales taxes included in the price of movable or immovable property, where the Union makes, for its official use, substantial purchases the price of which includes taxes of this kind. The Council shall forward draft European legislative acts originating from a group of Member States, the Court of Justice, the European Central Bank or the European Investment Bank and amended drafts to national Parliaments. 12 (b) Article III-371 THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Article III-387 (a) The Commission, in its proposals submitted under paragraph 1 concerning health, safety, environmental protection and consumer protection, shall take as a base a high level of protection, taking account in particular of any new development based on scientific facts. by abolishing those administrative procedures and practices, whether resulting from national legislation or from agreements previously concluded between Member States, the maintenance of which would form an obstacle to freedom of establishment; Article 5 The Executive Board shall implement monetary policy in accordance with the guidelines and decisions laid down by the Governing Council. Such exclusive or partially exclusive licences shall be granted on a normal commercial basis. The Commission has proposed an additional budget of €350 million for the construction of new camps on the mainland in Greece and new apartments, which will require approval from Parliament. HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: ) and may be subject to the limitations authorised by Article 10 of the ECHR. Article 30 The right to asylum shall be guaranteed with due respect for the rules of the Geneva Convention of 28 July 1951 and the Protocol of 31 January 1967 relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the Constitution. During this period, officials assigned to posts in the new Member States before accession and who are required to remain in service in those States after 1 May 2004 shall benefit, as an exception, from the same financial and material conditions as were applied by the Commission before 1 May 2004 in accordance with Annex X to the Staff Regulations of officials and the conditions of employment of other servants of the European Communities laid down in Regulation (EEC, Euratom, ECSC) No 259/68( if a Member State should so decide unilaterally in respect of the application of a national of another Member State; in that case the Council shall be immediately informed; the application shall be dealt with on the basis of the presumption that it is manifestly unfounded without affecting in any way, whatever the case may be, the decision-making power of the Member State. (e) 4. Privileges, immunities and facilities shall be accorded to officials and other servants of the Union solely in the interests of the Union. (a) It may also meet on its own initiative. Where a determination under paragraph 2 has been made, the Council, acting by a qualified majority, may adopt a European decision suspending certain of the rights deriving from the application of the Constitution to the Member State in question, including the voting rights of the member of the Council representing that State. In its reporting to the Council, the Commission shall ensure that company-specific confidential information is not disclosed.