Unless otherwise stipulated, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the necessary European regulations and decisions to implement the provisions contained in Annexes III and IV to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 referred to in Articles 12 and 13 of this Protocol. Voor Hare Majesteit de Koningin der Nederlanden Protocol on external relations of the Member States with regard to the crossing of external borders The heading of Title IV of the EAEC Treaty &#x2018; Financial provisions &#x2019; shall be replaced by the heading: &#x2018; Specific financial provisions &#x2019; . request the Commission or the group of Member States from which the draft originates to submit a new draft; in that case, the act originally proposed shall be deemed not to have been adopted. In the case of transport within the Union, discrimination which takes the form of carriers charging different rates and imposing different conditions for the carriage of the same goods over the same transport links on grounds of the Member State of origin or of destination of the goods in question shall be prohibited.2. If a new Member State has failed to implement commitments undertaken in the context of the accession negotiations, causing a serious breach of the functioning of the internal market, including any commitments in all sectoral policies which concern economic activities with cross-border effect, or an imminent risk of such breach, the Commission may, until the end of a period of up to three years after 1 May 2004, upon the motivated request of a Member State or on its own initiative, adopt European regulations or decisions establishing appropriate measures. DESIRING to lay down the details of the convergence criteria which shall guide the Union in taking decisions referred to in Article III-198 of the Constitution to end the derogations of those Member States with a derogation, (a) 21 No further State aid shall be granted as part of the sale. If the Commission considers that the conditions of participation have still not been met, the Member State concerned may refer the matter to the Council, which shall decide on the request. 42 The European Council shall adopt European decisions in the cases provided for in the Constitution.2. ) correspond to those guaranteed by Article 8 of the ECHR. Article 31 Article 9 HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Som skedde i Rom den tjugonionde oktober tjugohundrafyra. Save where otherwise provided in the Constitution, this Article shall apply for the achievement of the objectives set out in Article III-130. Interest rates on loans to be granted by the Bank and commission and other charges shall be adjusted to conditions prevailing on the capital market and shall be calculated in such a way that the income therefrom shall enable the Bank to meet its obligations, to cover its expenses and risks and to build up a reserve fund as provided for in Article 22.2. It shall establish the responsibilities and detailed rules for each institution concerning its part in effecting its own expenditure. Stock-piling and distribution of medical supplies across Europe activities of the professions. The EU mobilises more than €3 billion from its budget to distribute medical supplies, coordinate transportation of equipment and patients and support the construction of mobile hospitals. Find out what other measures the EU has taken to combat the pandemic. Within the scope of the Constitution, and without prejudice to any of its specific provisions, any discrimination on grounds of nationality shall be prohibited. (b) 99 (d) 3. The question of recruitment of seamen having the nationality of third States for the crews of vessels flying the flag of a Member State of the Union is governed by Union law and national legislation and practice. Article III-141 1. Article III-147 2. In the case of the resignation of all the members of the Commission, they shall remain in office and continue to deal with current business until they have been replaced, for the remainder of their term of office, in accordance with Articles I-26 and I-27. The indents of Article 7(1) shall become points (a) to (k) respectively. measures adopted by the Board of Governors of the European Investment Bank. Article 12 National central banks should instead provide credits at zero interest rates to our citizens and companies." In carrying out financial operations the Commission shall employ the services of the bank of issue of the Member State concerned or of any other financial institution approved by that State. It may dispose of its claims on the capital market and may, to this end, require its debtors to issue bonds or other securities. (b) Article III-359 (a) It shall note where necessary that the conditions of participation have been fulfilled and shall adopt any transitional measures necessary with regard to the application of the acts already adopted within the framework of enhanced cooperation. With a view to ensuring full equality in practice between women and men in working life, the principle of equal treatment shall not prevent any Member State from maintaining or adopting measures providing for specific advantages in order to make it easier for the under-represented sex to pursue a vocational activity, or to prevent or compensate for disadvantages in professional careers. Article 15 any service of a military character or, in case of conscientious objectors in countries where they are recognised, service exacted instead of compulsory military service; (b) invite the European Investment Bank to reconsider its lending policy towards the Member State concerned; To achieve the objectives laid down in Article 1, Member States participating in permanent structured cooperation shall undertake to: CHAPTER IX for investments financed by the Union, participation in tenders and supplies shall be open on equal terms to all natural and legal persons who are nationals of a Member State or of one of the countries and territories; The President of the Commission shall: Everyone charged with a criminal offence shall be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law. illegal immigration and unauthorised residence, including removal and repatriation of persons residing without authorisation; THE PRESIDENT OF MALTA, The right guaranteed by this Article is the right guaranteed by Article I-10 of the Constitution; cf. also the legal base in Article III-127. support defence technology research, and coordinate and plan joint research activities and the study of technical solutions meeting future operational needs; ), limitations on that right may not exceed those considered legitimate by virtue of Article 11(2) of the ECHR. The European Parliament may invite the Commission to draw up reports on any particular problems concerning social conditions. 1. The European Council shall consist of the Heads of State or Government of the Member States, together with its President and the President of the Commission. ) Everyone who has been the victim of arrest or detention in contravention of the provisions of this Article shall have an enforceable right to compensation. &#x2019; Article III-396 Article III-120 This Treaty shall apply to the European territories for whose external relations a Member State is responsible.5. *** signature *** Latvia If Denmark decides not to implement such a measure, the Member States bound by that measure and Denmark will consider appropriate measures to be taken. The Union shall take account of the objectives of development cooperation in the policies that it implements which are likely to affect developing countries. Calls on the Member States for a quick agreement on this new MFF proposal, as an instrument of solidarity and cohesion; calls on the Commission to present a contingency plan in case of non-agreement, extending the duration of ongoing financing programmes beyond 31 December 2020; (e) (a) PROTOCOL ON THE STATUTE OF THE COURT OF JUSTICE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION to remain in the territory of a Member State after having been employed in that State, subject to conditions which shall be embodied in European regulations adopted by the Commission. Integration of persons with disabilities The Member States take note of the fact that the Portuguese Government has embarked upon the implementation of a policy of industrialisation and economic development designed to align the standard of living in Portugal with that of the other Member States and to eliminate underemployment while progressively evening out regional differences in levels of development. (b) 35,63 Freedom to choose an occupation and right to engage in work (a) Article II-90 Without prejudice to Union competence and Union agreements as regards economic and monetary union, Member States may negotiate in international bodies and conclude agreements. Declaration by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the franchise for elections to the European Parliament It shall not exercise legislative functions.2. to have adequate time and facilities for the preparation of his defence; 41 The terms of office of the new members of the Committees, groups and other bodies listed in Annex XVI to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office on 1 May 2004.2. OJ L 178, 30.6.2001, p. Actions brought before the Court of Justice of the European Union shall not have suspensory effect. Young people admitted to work must have working conditions appropriate to their age and be protected against economic exploitation and any work likely to harm their safety, health or physical, mental, moral or social development or to interfere with their education. Malta Article III-431 RECOGNISING that the United Nations Organisation may request the Union's assistance for the urgent implementation of missions undertaken under Chapters VI and VII of the United Nations Charter; The Commission shall take appropriate steps requiring any company concerned to reimburse any aid granted in breach of the conditions laid down in this Title. 5.