1702 It results that none of the rights laid down in this Charter may be used to harm the dignity of another person, and that the dignity of the human person is part of the substance of the rights laid down in this Charter. Exceptions shall be possible in cases of urgency, the reasons for which shall be stated in the act or position of the Council. Estonia The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction in any dispute between the Union and its servants within the limits and under the conditions laid down in the Staff Regulations of Officials and the Conditions of Employment of other servants of the Union. (h) 1. 13 This annual report shall also be forwarded to the Committee of the Regions and to the Economic and Social Committee. In accordance with Article I-40(7) the European Council may unanimously adopt a European decision stipulating that the Council shall act by a qualified majority in cases other than those referred to in paragraph 2 of this Article.4. By way of derogation from Article 12(3), the General Council shall adopt its Rules of Procedure.5. 1 Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, Ireland shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community by the holders of such licences. The European Commission Article III-317 (a) (b) It has already been activated to help to deal with influx of refugees in Greece bring their defence apparatus into line with each other as far as possible, particularly by harmonising the identification of their military needs, by pooling and, where appropriate, specialising their defence means and capabilities, and by encouraging cooperation in the fields of training and logistics; the combating of social exclusion; Where a provision of the Constitution which may be applied in the context of enhanced cooperation stipulates that the Council shall act unanimously, the Council, acting unanimously in accordance with the arrangements laid down in Article I-44(3), may adopt a European decision stipulating that it will act by a qualified majority.2. 2. 49 If a common organisation for certain raw materials is established before a common organisation exists for the corresponding processed products, such raw materials as are used for processed products intended for export to third countries may be imported from outside the Union. environment; (b) Social security and social assistance WHEREAS the substance of Article 9(7) of the Treaty of Amsterdam should be incorporated; (e) The Commission may publish its decision and authorise Member States to take the measures, the conditions and details of which it shall determine, needed to remedy the situation.3. Within the scope of application of the Constitution and without prejudice to any of its specific provisions, any discrimination on grounds of nationality shall be prohibited. (a) (a) the European Parliament approves the joint text whilst the Council rejects it, the European Parliament may, within fourteen days from the date of the rejection by the Council and acting by a majority of its component members and three-fifths of the votes cast, decide to confirm all or some of the amendments referred to in paragraph 4(c). Article 46 The European Central Bank may submit opinions to the Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies or to national authorities on matters within its powers. THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF LITHUANIA, 1. Article 31 5. FREE MOVEMENT OF GOODS The reference values referred to in Article III-184(2) of the Constitution are: Consequently, slots that are under-used by air carriers are reallocated (known as the 'use it or lose it' rule). 5 FENTIEK HITELÉÜL az alulírott meghatalmazottak aláírták ezt a szerz"odést Those dividends, capital gains or other forms of revenue stemming from such bodies to which the members, other than the European Union and the Bank, are entitled, shall however remain subject to the fiscal provisions of the applicable legislation. MEPs further underline the need for a coordinated post-lockdown approach in the EU, in order to avoid a resurgence of the virus. 2. 5 Explanation ) corresponds to Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which reads as follows: Supports measures in favour of the EU agri-food sector and the viability of farms during the crisis, namely through liquidity support via the timely (pre-)payment of direct and second pillar payments, flexibility in the management of aid schemes and in the submission of claims, market monitoring and crisis management (private storage, promotion measures and exceptional measures to allow the Commission to propose additional market measures and time-limited derogations from competition law); (iii) (v) Article III-408 HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Article 2 (i) SECTION 7 Such provisions must be compatible with the Constitution. The latter voting rights shall be assigned and shall rotate as follows: DESIRING to adapt that Treaty to the new rules laid down by the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, in particular in the institutional and financial fields, Nothing in this Charter shall be interpreted as restricting or adversely affecting human rights and fundamental freedoms as recognised, in their respective fields of application, by Union law and international law and by international agreements to which the Union or all the Member States are party, including the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, and by the Member States' constitutions. Article III-416 These laws and framework laws shall be adopted after consultation of the European Parliament. Article I-33 The percentages shall be rounded up or down to the nearest multiple of 0,0001 percentage points. the taking of all other measures necessary for the application of Article 29 as referred to in Article 29(4); Right to vote and to stand as a candidate at elections to the European Parliament It neither authorises nor prohibits other forms of cloning. 26. The annual budget of the Union shall comply with the multiannual financial framework.4. ). 1. As Covid-19 continues to evolve in Africa - it is now present in all but two countries - we asked Swedish EPP member Tomas Tobé , the chair of Parliament's development committee , about the EU response. Press Releases If a Member State fails to meet the obligations of membership arising from this Statute, in particular the obligation to pay its share of the subscribed capital or to service its borrowings, the granting of loans or guarantees to that Member State or its nationals may be suspended by a decision of the Board of Governors, acting by a qualified majority. (iii) European laws may lay down detailed rules for the multilateral surveillance procedure referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4. Article 50 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. Dr. A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. Pour Son Altesse Royale le Grand-Duc de Luxembourg (b) by enabling a national of one Member State to acquire and use land and buildings situated in the territory of another Member State, insofar as this does not conflict with the principles laid down in Article III-227(2); PROVISIONS ON THE SOVEREIGN BASE AREAS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND IN CYPRUS Hungary The Union may conclude agreements with third countries for the readmission to their countries of origin or provenance of third-country nationals who do not or who no longer fulfil the conditions for entry, presence or residence in the territory of one of the Member States.4. When the procedure provided for in this Article has been completed, the President of the European Parliament shall declare that the European law establishing the budget has been definitively adopted. HAVING REGARD to the Protocol on the application of certain aspects of Article III-130 of the Constitution to the United Kingdom and Ireland, Hungary HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Greece 1. 1. (d) The organisation and functioning of the European External Action Service shall be established by a European decision of the Council. In its financing operations, the Bank shall observe the following principles: To this end, the Union shall be represented by the Commission.