In the case of a bicameral Parliamentary system, each of the two chambers shall have one vote. Such rules shall take into account the differences between the legal traditions and systems of the Member States. 12 3. DECLARATIONS BY MEMBER STATES CHAPTER V EN (b) The Council shall act unanimously until 31 December 2006 in all the cases referred to by this Article. In order to combat crimes affecting the financial interests of the Union, a European law of the Council may establish a European Public Prosecutor's Office from Eurojust. 2. The General Council shall: 7 HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, NOTING the practice of the government of the United Kingdom to fund its borrowing requirement by the sale of debt to the private sector, In this context it may establish new categories of own resources or abolish an existing category. encouraging an environment favourable to cooperation between undertakings; A Member State which considers that another Member State has failed to fulfil an obligation under the Constitution may bring the matter before the Court of Justice of the European Union. Preparations of vegetables, fruit or other parts of plants They call on the European Commission to urgently assess whether the emergency measures taken are in line with the EU Treaties, and to make use of all available EU tools and sanctions to address this serious and persistent breach, including budgetary ones. either on a proposal from the Commission and after consultation of the European Central Bank; The Union and the Member States shall counter fraud and any other illegal activities affecting the Union's financial interests through measures taken in accordance with this Article. &#x2018; Article 198 Article 12 5. Not only must the European Union emerge stronger from this crisis, its institutions should also be empowered to act when cross-border health threats arise. Für den Präsidenten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland "We won't leave Europe's women alone" Saturday 9 May is Europe Day, which this year marks the 70th anniversary of the Schuman declaration. Spain ) World Press Freedom Day is marked every year on 3 May. Reporters Without Borders has just published the 2020 edition of the World Press Freedom Index which also takes into account the threat to free and fair journalism from the coronavirus outbreak. Article 20 (b) The General Court shall include at least one judge per Member State. The Protocols and Annexes to this Treaty shall form an integral part thereof. Do you think EU concern about the situation in Africa could diminish in the face of our current domestic challenges? DESIRING to settle certain particular problems relating to Italy, Explicit mention is made here of the logical consequences of the principle of subsidiarity and of the fact that the Union only has those powers which have been conferred upon it. The European Commission proposes to activate it for two years to help with coronavirus emergency By way of derogation from the procedure laid down in Articles III-360 and III-361, the Commission and any Member State may bring the matter directly before the Court of Justice of the European Union if it considers that another Member State is making improper use of the powers provided for in this Article.10. The EU is taking many measures to tackle the coronavirus pandemic and its impact. - 1. (b) 1. nuclear physics (low- and high-energy); In order to promote the complementarity and efficiency of their action, the Union and the Member States shall coordinate their policies on development cooperation and shall consult each other on their aid programmes, including in international organisations and during international conferences. European Parliament resolution of 17 April 2020 on EU coordinated action to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences (2020/2616(RSP)) Guy VERHOFSTADT *** signature *** The revision shall be opened by a judgment of the Court expressly recording the existence of a new fact, recognising that it is of such a character as to lay the case open to revision and declaring the application admissible on this ground. Where a vote is taken, any member of the European Council may also act on behalf of not more than one other member. The purpose of association shall be to promote the economic and social development of the countries and territories and to establish close economic relations between them and the Union. - 1. HAVE AGREED UPON the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Constitution: application of nuclear measuring techniques (in the industrial, agricultural, archaeological and geological fields); 85,1 The Court of Justice shall form chambers consisting of three and five Judges. The General Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine questions referred for a preliminary ruling under Article III-369, in specific areas laid down by the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union. EUR 19 890 750 91,55 6. In the cases provided for in Article III-358(2) and (3) of the Constitution, where the First Advocate-General considers that there is a serious risk of the unity or consistency of Union law being affected, he may propose that the Court of Justice review the decision of the General Court. Customs union The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have its seat in Luxembourg.5. Celex Test Concurrently with the foregoing, and as provided in the Constitution and in accordance with the procedures set out therein, these activities shall include a single currency, the euro, and the definition and conduct of a single monetary policy and exchange-rate policy, the primary objective of both of which shall be to maintain price stability and, without prejudice to this objective, to support general economic policies in the Union, in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition. 1. Article II-77 Such laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. 19 Calls for a swift update of the EU Global Strategy in the light of the global impact of the crisis; draws particular attention to the so-called ‘corona-diplomacy'; reiterates that the EU must be ready to strategically communicate and fight external disinformation and adapt continuously to the changing geopolitical landscape, without ever compromising its core values; calls on the Commission and Council to act strategically (b) The aim of Article 51( That is why Parliament's culture committee wants the EU to set up specific aid to help the sector survive the crisis. It shall act unanimously. adoption of the parts of the broad economic policy guidelines which concern the euro area generally (Article III-179(2)); In defining and implementing the policies and activities referred to in this Part, the Union shall aim to combat discrimination based on sex, racial or ethnic origin, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation. shall chair it and drive forward its work; Guidelines and projects of common interest which relate to the territory of a Member State shall require the agreement of that Member State. The closure of offices, shutdown of industry and huge decline in travel have cut CO2 emissions. (f) 6 Greece the application of nuclear technology to archeometry, Article 74 Article III-335 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. If the Commission establishes, on the basis of the monitoring, that substantial deviations from the financial data on which the viability assessment has been made have occurred, it may require Poland to take appropriate measures to reinforce or modify the restructuring measures of the benefiting companies concerned. 1. Finland The increase shall be determined by multiplying the respective amounts then prevailing by the ratio, within the expanded capital key, between the weighting of the entering national central banks concerned and the weighting of the national central banks already members of the European System of Central Banks. 11 A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the other members of the Council, representing Member States comprising at least 65 % of the population of the participating Member States. 43. The Member State concerned and the Commission shall deliver their opinions within two months. A total of €3.08 billion from the EU budget will be channelled mainly through the Emergency Support Instrument (€2.7 billion) and through rescEU (€380 million).