scrutiny; deems it totally incompatible with European values both the decision from the Hungarian Government to prolong the state of emergency indefinitely, to authorise the Government to rule by decree without time limit, and to weaken the emergency oversight of the Parliament, and the steps taken by the Polish Government - namely changing the electoral code against the judgment of Constitutional Tribunal and provisions laid by law - to hold Presidential elections in the middle of a pandemic, which may endanger the lives of Polish citizens and undermine the concept of free, equal, direct and secret elections as enshrined in the Polish Constitution; Freedom of movement and of residence The accession of the new Member States to the agreements or conventions mentioned in paragraph 4, as well as the agreements with Belarus, China, Chile, Mercosur and Switzerland which have been concluded or signed by the Community and its present Member States jointly shall be agreed by the conclusion of a protocol to such agreements or conventions between the Council, acting unanimously on behalf of the Member States, and the third country or countries or international organisation concerned. BUDG Chair and coordinators welcome Commission announcements, but deplore mere "re-use" of existing funds and insist on fresh and additional financial means to tackle the coronavirus crisis. the United Kingdom shall be responsible for the application of the Union measures specified in this Title in the fields of customs, indirect taxation and the common commercial policy in relation to goods entering or leaving the island of Cyprus through a port or airport within the Sovereign Base Areas; the common policy on visas and other short-stay residence permits; (d) The reference periods to be used for the statistical data shall be identical to those applied for the latest quinquennial adjustment of the weightings under Article 29(3). In the event of an impediment or serious misconduct, the European Council can end his or her term of office in accordance with the same procedure. (a) Do I have the right to a hotel and meals in case of cancellation? (b) Cocoa shells, husks, skins and waste Article III-288 The Council shall adopt the acts referred to in the first paragraph taking into account the special characteristics and constraints of the outermost regions without undermining the integrity and the coherence of the Union legal order, including the internal market and common policies. 1. The rule prohibiting cumulation refers to cumulation of two penalties of the same kind, that is to say criminal law penalties. Article II-81 FISCAL PROVISIONS This paragraph shall not apply to decisions subject to the proceedings provided for in Article 64 of the EEA Agreement.3. Such exclusive or partially exclusive licences shall be granted on a normal commercial basis. Where such agreements call for amendments to this Treaty, these amendments shall first be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article IV-443 of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. &#x2019; The list of rights which may at the present stage, without precluding developments in the law, legislation and the Treaties, be regarded as corresponding to rights in the ECHR within the meaning of the present paragraph is given hereafter. In cases where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 3 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply.3. Representatives from the European Commission, Frontex and the EU's Fundamental Rights Agency joined MEPs in stressing the importance of solidarity and the unity of the European Union to help mitigate the growing crisis. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE BUDGET AND DISCHARGE ), has been extended until 1 May 2004, Performances across Europe have been cancelled, festivals, conferences and exhibitions postponed, cinemas, theatres and museums closed, television and film productions put on hold, so many artists cannot earn a living. PROTOCOL CONCERNING ARTICLE III-214 OF THE CONSTITUTION (c) Pectin The first subparagraph shall be without prejudice to Member States' competence to negotiate in international bodies and to conclude agreements. acquis For the purposes of paragraph 1, the Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction in actions brought by a Member State, the European Parliament, the Council or the Commission on grounds of lack of competence, infringement of an essential procedural requirement, infringement of the Constitution or of any rule of law relating to its application, or misuse of powers.3. Article I-44 In accordance with Article III-185(2) of the Constitution, the basic tasks to be carried out through the European System of Central Banks shall be: Ensuring accurate information TAKE NOTE of the fact that the Italian Government is carrying out a ten-year programme of economic expansion designed to rectify the disequilibria in the structure of the Italian economy, in particular by providing an infrastructure for the less developed areas in Southern Italy and in the Italian islands and by creating new jobs in order to eliminate unemployment; The purpose of Article 52( The current precautionary measures adopted by the European Parliament to contain the spread of COVID-19 do not affect work on legislative priorities. *** signature *** alternatively, the excess over the reference value is only exceptional and temporary and the ratio remains close to the reference value; Article 64 THE UNION AND ITS NEIGHBOURS The Court of Justice may also require the Member States and institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union not being parties to the case to supply all information which the Court of Justice considers necessary for the proceedings. TITLE II The revenue and expenditure of the European Atomic Energy Community, except for those of the Supply Agency and Joint Undertakings, shall be shown in the budget of the Union. 2. A copy of any such arrangements shall be submitted to the Commission. He may delegate his vote in all cases, according to procedures to be laid down in the Rules of Procedure of the Bank.2. The institutions of the Union shall, for the purpose of applying this Protocol, cooperate with the responsible authorities of the Member States concerned. The Parliament is essential in times of a pandemic. These general orientations shall be without prejudice to the primary objective of the European System of Central Banks, to maintain price stability.3. (c) radiation protection; Declaration on the transit of persons by land between the region of Kaliningrad and other parts of the Russian Federation PART IV 1. COVID-19: Stepping up EU's response to alleviate the effects of the crisis RECALLING that Article III-223 of the Constitution envisages setting up a Cohesion Fund; They do not however give rise to direct claims for positive action by the Union's institutions or Member States authorities. (f) Proceedings against such measures may be instituted only by Member States or by the Commission, under the conditions laid down in Article III-365, and solely on the grounds of non-compliance with the procedure provided for in Article 19(2), (5), (6) and (7) of the Statute of the Bank; The Council shall adopt recommendations. Minister for Foreign Affairs &#x2018; Services &#x2019; shall in particular include: or on a recommendation from the European Central Bank and after consulting the Commission. Article III-280 In such cases, the European Parliament and the Council shall communicate the proposed act to the Commission with their positions at first and second readings. (b) (a) The Union shall have an institutional framework which shall aim to: The Judges, the Advocates-General and the Registrar shall be required to reside at the place where the Court of Justice has its seat. the Czech Republic shall supply the Commission with six-monthly reports concerning the restructuring of the benefiting companies, no later than 15 March and 15 September of each year, until the end of the restructuring period, Ramping up production capacity Regarding the right of parents, it must be interpreted in conjunction with the provisions of Article 24( The national central banks shall carry out, to the extent possible, the tasks referred to in paragraph 1.3. The funds come from all remaining available means in this year's budget. The Commission shall submit proposals for working out and implementing the common agricultural policy, including the replacement of the national organisations by one of the forms of common organisation provided for in Article III-228(1), and for implementing the measures referred to in this Section. European decisions necessary for carrying out the tasks entrusted to the European System of Central Banks under the Constitution and the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank; to increase agricultural productivity by promoting technical progress and by ensuring the rational development of agricultural production and the optimum utilisation of the factors of production, in particular labour; statistics; When the Constitution confers on the Union a competence shared with the Member States in a specific area, the Union and the Member States may legislate and adopt legally binding acts in that area. Five years after the entry into force of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, the Council, acting on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt a European decision repealing this point. TO APLIECINOT, attiecigi pilnvarotas personas ir parakstijusas so Ligumu 187 015 500 The Council shall act after consulting the Commission. Of course this rule, as enshrined in this Charter, applies to the central authorities as well as to regional or local bodies, and to public organisations, when they are implementing Union law. 91 Jacques CHIRAC The initiative should allow the EU to buy urgent medical supplies, such as masks and respiratory equipment, transport medical equipment and patients in cross-border regions, finance the recruitment of additional healthcare professionals to be deployed to hotspots across the European Union, as well as helping member states to construct mobile field hospitals. The business plan for the benefiting company Válcovny Plechu Frýdek Místek (VPFM) shall be implemented. The European Ombudsman shall then forward a report to the European Parliament and the institution, body, office or agency concerned. Article III-386 Member States shall consult each other with a view to taking together the steps needed to prevent the functioning of the internal market being affected by measures which a Member State may be called upon to take in the event of serious internal disturbances affecting the maintenance of law and order, in the event of war, serious international tension constituting a threat of war, or in order to carry out obligations it has accepted for the purpose of maintaining peace and international security. To this end, the Council of Ministers shall adopt measures, in particular broad guidelines for these policies. It shall likewise apply to monopolies delegated by the State to others. support for the training of staff, and cooperation on the exchange of staff, on equipment and on research into crime-detection; CHAPTER IV proposes, by a majority of its component members, amendments to the Council's position at first reading, the text thus amended shall be forwarded to the Council and to the Commission, which shall deliver an opinion on those amendments.