16. the reports shall contain all the information necessary to monitor the restructuring process and the reduction and use of capacity and shall provide sufficient financial data to allow an assessment to be made of whether the conditions and requirements contained in this Title have been fulfilled. Article III-213 (b) 25. 3. CONSCIOUS of the fact that a continuation under the Constitution of the legal regime originating in the Edinburgh decision will significantly limit Denmark's participation in important areas of cooperation of the Union, and that it would be in the best interest of the Union to ensure the integrity of the acquis in the area of freedom, security and justice; The person lodging the complaint shall be informed of the outcome of such inquiries. Declaration concerning the explanations relating to the Charter of Fundamental Rights Right of collective bargaining and action Declaration by the Commission on the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in Cyprus This Article shall not prejudice the trial and punishment of any person for any act or omission which, at the time when it was committed, was criminal according to the general principles recognised by the community of nations. The arrangements provided for in this Title shall have the sole purpose of regulating the particular situation of the Sovereign Base Areas of the United Kingdom in Cyprus and shall not apply to any other territory of the Union, nor serve as a precedent, in whole or in part, for any other special arrangements which either already exist or which might be set up in another European territory provided for in Article IV-440 of the Constitution. Latvia 2. ). 3. If a State which has withdrawn from the Union asks to rejoin, its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in Article I-58. Explanation 1. Such initiatives complement the EU's RescEU program, which gathers medical equipment so that the necessary supplies can quickly reach member states facing shortages. Recalls the One Health principle, which reflects the fact that the health of people, animals and the environment are interconnected and that diseases may be transmitted from people to animals and vice versa; stresses the need to take a One Health approach to pandemics and health crises in both the human and veterinary sectors; stresses, therefore, that diseases have to be tackled in both people and animals, while also taking into special consideration the food chain and the environment, which can be another source of resistant microorganisms; underlines the important role of the Commission in coordinating and supporting the One Health approach to human and animal health and the environment in the EU; Before delivering the opinions provided for in this Article, the Commission shall consult the Economic and Social Committee. (d) The financial framework shall determine the amounts of the annual ceilings on commitment appropriations by category of expenditure and of the annual ceiling on payment appropriations. 2. When the European Council or the Council has defined a common approach of the Union within the meaning of Article I-40(5), the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the Member States shall coordinate their activities within the Council.2. 155,30 Article 4 20. The European Council may, on the initiative of the Member State concerned, adopt a European decision amending the status, with regard to the Union, of a Danish, French or Netherlands country or territory referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3. shall not affect the right of Member States to define the fundamental principles of their social security systems and must not significantly affect the financial equilibrium of such systems; Consult the carrier for more details. Any claim made by a trader that their product can cure an illness needs to be backed up by evidence. Articles III-192(4) and III-200 of the Constitution shall apply to the United Kingdom as if it had a derogation. Regulation (EC) No 2760/98 ( Kelt Rómában, a kétezer-negyedik év október havának huszonkilencedik napján industry; A European law of the Council may confer specific tasks upon the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and other financial institutions with the exception of insurance undertakings. (e) 183 382 000 The Council shall, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament, the European Central Bank, and the Economic and Financial Committee referred to in Article III-192 of the Constitution, adopt appropriate provisions to lay down the details of the convergence criteria referred to in Article III-198 of the Constitution, which shall then replace this Protocol. In its relations with the wider world, the Union shall uphold and promote its values and interests. Article 2 Article I-57 Luxembourg ) corresponds to Article 5 of the ECHR Within the framework of the Constitution and this Statute, the Board of Governors, acting unanimously, may take any decisions concerning the suspension of the operations of the Bank and, should the event arise, its liquidation. COVID-19: Parliament approves crucial EU support measures The arts and scientific research shall be free of constraint. 1. The Union shall define and implement a common agriculture and fisheries policy. Article 12 The Council shall be assisted by a General Secretariat, under the responsibility of a Secretary-General appointed by the Council . Calls, therefore, on the Commission to urgently assess whether the emergency measures are in conformity with the Treaties and to make full use of all available EU tools and sanctions to address this serious and persistent breach, including budgetary ones, underlining once again the imminent need for an EU mechanism on democracy, the rule of law and fundamental rights; urges the Council to put back on its agenda the discussions and procedures related to the ongoing Article 7 procedures; Where an exclusive or partially exclusive licence has been granted, the Kingdom of Spain shall encourage and facilitate the granting of sublicences on commercial terms to Member States, persons and undertakings of the Community by the holders of such licences. basic and advanced vocational training; PROPERTY, FUNDS, ASSETS AND OPERATIONS OF THE UNION Any vacancy on the Executive Board shall be filled by the appointment of a new member in accordance with paragraph 2. 1. 3. The European Central Bank, together with the national central banks, shall constitute the European System of Central Banks. WISHING to prevent the institution of asylum being resorted to for purposes alien to those for which it is intended; If, subsequent to the commission of a criminal offence, the law provides for a lighter penalty, that penalty shall be applicable.2. The committee will aim to conclude its examination of the proposal as quickly as possible. 50. 5. Believes that the EU must seize the opportunity and propose a Health Autonomy Action in strategic areas such as the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) essential for the manufacture of medicine, and thus reduce its dependence on third countries without undermining the rewards that open economies derive from international trade; stresses that this action plan should help produce, store and coordinate the production of critical medicine and pharmaceutical products and equipment, notably sanitising gel, ventilators and masks in the Union; stresses, further, that this action plan should also pool and coordinate digital manufacturing capabilities such as 3D printing, which can contribute to substituting necessary equipment; TITLE III If the number of transit journeys in any year exceeds the reference figure established for 1991 by more than 8 %, the Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16, shall adopt appropriate measures in accordance with paragraph 3 of Annex 5. Without prejudice to Article III-187(1) of the Constitution, the General Council shall be constituted as a third decision-making body of the European Central Bank.2. It is essential that we all comply with them. It shall act unanimously after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. Persons having access to data covered by a legally binding Union act imposing an obligation of secrecy shall be subject to that obligation. Paragraph 2 of this Article corresponds to Article I-46(4) of the Constitution. Article 33 ), as from 1 January 2004, subject to the individual specifications and exceptions below or as otherwise provided for in this Protocol. Without prejudice to Article I-28(4), the responsibilities incumbent upon the Commission shall be structured and allocated among its members by its President, in accordance with Article I-27(3). Prime Minister The Member State concerned shall inform the Council immediately of any such measures.5. TITLE III By way of derogation from Article III-325, the Council, either on a recommendation from the European Central Bank or on a recommendation from the Commission and after consulting the European Central Bank, in an endeavour to reach a consensus consistent with the objective of price stability, may conclude formal agreements on an exchange-rate system for the euro in relation to the currencies of third States. It shall combat social exclusion and discrimination, and shall promote social justice and protection, equality between women and men, solidarity between generations and protection of the rights of the child. Netherlands Member states shall be treated on a strictly equal footing as regards determination of the sequence of, and the time spent by, their nationals as members of the commission; consequently, the difference between the total number of terms of office held by nationals of any given pair of Member States may never be more than one; RECALL that the principles and objectives of this programme of the Italian Government have been considered and approved by organisations for international cooperation of which the Member States are members; (a) The Commission shall consult the United Kingdom and the Republic of Cyprus before bringing forward a proposal. (a) Article III-406 If it is decided, in accordance with the procedure set out in paragraph 2, to abrogate a derogation, the Council shall, on a proposal from the Commission, adopt the European regulations or decisions irrevocably fixing the rate at which the euro is to be substituted for the currency of the Member State concerned, and laying down the other measures necessary for the introduction of the euro as the single currency in that Member State. Article 3 Freedom of thought, conscience and religion That conference shall in addition promote the exchange of information and best practice between national Parliaments and the European Parliament, including their special committees. Until new provisions have been adopted in implementation of this Treaty or until the end of their term of office, the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies existing on the date of the entry into force of this Treaty shall, subject to Article IV-439, exercise their powers within the meaning of this Treaty in their composition on that date. It may also authorise other measures, the conditions and details of which it shall determine. - HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: If the action taken by a Member State with a derogation and the measures suggested by the Commission do not prove sufficient to overcome the difficulties which have arisen or which threaten, the Commission shall, after consulting the Economic and Financial Committee, recommend to the Council the granting of mutual assistance and appropriate methods. Article 1