Article 68 Points out that specific provisions to that end have been included in Title IV of Part Two of the Protocol on the Treaty and Act of Accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. The aggregate amount outstanding at any time of loans and guarantees granted by the Bank shall not exceed 250 % of its subscribed capital, reserves, non-allocated provisions and profit and loss account surplus. The slots for summer 2020 were already confirmed last year. employment; 98 Cultural, religious and linguistic diversity Explanation nuclear safety (strengthening the effectiveness and competence of nuclear safety authorities and their technical support organisations as well as public radioactive waste management agencies); The clearing and settlement of the balances arising from the allocation of monetary income shall be carried out by the European Central Bank in accordance with guidelines established by the Governing Council.7. encouraging an environment favourable to initiative and to the development of undertakings throughout the Union, particularly small and medium-sized undertakings; (a) If the draft European legislative act originates from a group of Member States, the President of the Council shall forward the opinion to the governments of those Member States. Celex Test CHAPTER I In implementing the multiannual framework programme the Union may make provision for cooperation in the Union's research, technological development and demonstration with third countries or international organisations. 2. 4 monitor the functioning of the exchange-rate mechanism; The rights enshrined in Article 6( Independence Any delay would result in more lives being lost and additional difficulties for European regions, companies and citizens." 1. The Statute of the European System of Central Banks is laid down in the Protocol on the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank. TITLE III This should be reflected in the orientations of budgetary decisions at the national and Union level in particular through restructuring of public revenue and expenditure while respecting budgetary discipline in accordance with the Constitution and the Stability and Growth Pact. Article III-128 Member States shall conduct their economic policies and shall coordinate them in such a way as, in addition, to attain the objectives set out in Article III-220. Cyprus 5. Article 12 (b) They shall act in close cooperation with Member States' diplomatic and consular missions. The Governing Council shall adopt Rules of Procedure which determine the internal organisation of the European Central Bank and its decision-making bodies.4. Tassos PAPADOPOULOS It shall be adopted at the request of the Court of Justice. 1. (c) The Regional Development Committee is ready to find the most efficient way possible to allow the Corona Response Investment Initiative to be adopted and swiftly implemented. One thousand million euro for Poland and 100 million euro for the Czech Republic included in the special lump-sum cash-flow facility shall be taken into account for any calculations on the distribution of Structural Funds for the years 2004, 2005 and 2006. The Agreements concluded by the Council under Article 6 of the Schengen Protocol shall be binding on the new Member States from 1 May 2004. The Council shall regularly verify that the grounds on which such a determination was made continue to apply. 7 Article I-49 have the capacity to supply by 2007 at the latest, either at national level or as a component of multinational force groups, targeted combat units for the missions planned, structured at a tactical level as a battle group, with support elements including transport and logistics, capable of carrying out the tasks referred to in Article III-309, within a period of 5 to 30 days, in particular in response to requests from the United Nations Organisation, and which can be sustained for an initial period of 30 days and be extended up to at least 120 days. CHAPTER I Hon Tony BLAIR agreements or conventions concluded between the other Member States which are based on the Treaty establishing the European Community, the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community or the Treaty on European Union, or which are inseparable from the attainment of the objectives of those Treaties, or which relate to the functioning of the Communities or of the Union or which are connected with the activities thereof; 2. (c) The chair of the preparatory bodies of the various Council configurations, with the exception of the Foreign Affairs configuration, shall fall to the member of the group chairing the relevant configuration, unless decided otherwise in accordance with Article 4. The Fund for European Aid to the Most Deprived Part III, Title III, Chapter I, Section 3 Subsection 1 A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council, representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. WISHING to ensure that decisions are taken as closely as possible to the citizens of the Union; Article III-167 Programming of these resources will be based on actual payment needs and absorption capacity. The acceding States referred to in Article 1 shall take appropriate measures, where necessary, to adjust their position in relation to international organisations, and in relation to those international agreements to which the Union or the European Atomic Energy Community or other Member States are also parties, to the rights and obligations arising from their accession. Article III-251 28. Because there are more vulnerable people, the healthcare system isn't good enough in many states, there are not enough hospital beds. Article 9 2006 2. Tracing apps in the EU On the first working day of each month the Union shall pay the Czech Republic, Cyprus, Malta and Slovenia, as an item of expenditure under the Union budget, one eighth in 2004, as of 1 May 2004, and one twelfth in 2005 and 2006 of the following amounts of temporary budgetary compensation: If the European Central Bank considers that a national central bank has failed to fulfil an obligation under the Constitution and this Statute, it shall deliver a reasoned opinion on the matter after giving the national central bank concerned the opportunity to submit its observations. 1. Right to life (e) Article 6 We need to see many of the African countries more as partners. Consequently, the limitations which may legitimately be imposed on this right are the same as those allowed by Article 8 of the ECHR: the coordination of investigations and prosecutions referred to in point (a); 1. 4 - (e) The Council shall, on a proposal from the Commission, having considered any observations which the Member State concerned may wish to make and after an overall assessment, decide whether an excessive deficit exists. MONETARY POLICY The arrangements for the implementation by the Union of the solidarity clause referred to in Article I-43 shall be defined by a European decision adopted by the Council acting on a joint proposal by the Commission and the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs. - projects of common interest to several Member States which are of such a size or nature that they cannot be entirely financed by the various means available in the individual Member States. She also called on everyone to pay specific attention to online disinformation attempts: "Today, on International Fact-checking Day, we would like to remind people of the importance of fact-checking and we are sharing fact-checking tips in all languages. Denmark may at any time after the adoption of a measure pursuant to Chapter IV of Title III of Part III of the Constitution notify its intention to the Council and the Commission that it wishes to accept that measure. Article 7 In the same circumstances, any present Member State may apply for authorisation to take protective measures with regard to one or more of the new Member States. Without prejudice to Article 28, the European Central Bank shall be provided by the national central banks with foreign reserve assets, other than Member States' currencies, euro, International Monetary Fund reserve positions and special drawing rights, up to an amount equivalent to 50 000 million euro. It will be for each national Parliament or each chamber of a national Parliament to consult, where appropriate, regional parliaments with legislative powers. the need to effect the appropriate adjustments by degrees; Article 24 Lithuania (a) The Court of Auditors shall examine whether all revenue has been received and all expenditure incurred in a lawful and regular manner and whether the financial management has been sound. Article III-156 Workers shall have the right, subject to limitations justified on grounds of public policy, public security or public health: 31. (a) On the basis of developments in crime, the Council may adopt a European decision identifying other areas of crime that meet the criteria specified in this paragraph. Welcomes the EU package for the global response to COVID-19 and the EUR 20 billion allocated to the fight against the pandemic in partner third countries;