MEPs adopted additional measures so that EU funding can be granted immediately and with exceptional flexibility to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. PROVISIONS CONCERNING ADVISORY BODIES (e) 1. (e) 1. The provisions of this Article shall not apply to publicly owned credit institutions which, in the context of the supply of reserves by central banks, shall be given the same treatment by national central banks and the European Central Bank as private credit institutions. Member States shall conduct their economic policies in order to contribute to the achievement of the Union's objectives, as defined in Article I-3, and in the context of the broad guidelines referred to in Article III-179(2). The extension of the EU Solidarity Fund to cover public health emergencies. (b) The Court of Justice of the European Union shall have jurisdiction under the conditions laid down in paragraphs 1 and 2 in actions brought by the Court of Auditors, by the European Central Bank and by the Committee of the Regions for the purpose of protecting their prerogatives.4. Declaration on Article IV-448(2) support for the training of the judiciary and judicial staff. Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 and 2, the decisions taken by the EFTA Surveillance Authority remain valid after 1 January 1995 unless the Commission takes a duly motivated decision to the contrary in accordance with Union law. It shall also review the legality of acts of bodies, offices or agencies of the Union intended to produce legal effects vis-à-vis third parties.2. 2. The Committee on Budgets stands ready to quickly process all the necessary budgetary initiatives destined to alleviate the negative impacts on our health systems, our economy and on the EU citizens", Budget MEPs added. 32 Their implementation shall be the subject of periodic consultation. In Article 225 of the EAEC Treaty, the second paragraph shall be replaced by the following: (a) Article 65 The members of the European Parliament shall be elected for a term of five years by direct universal suffrage in a free and secret ballot.4. Arrangements for meetings between ministers of those Member States whose currency is the euro are laid down by the Protocol on the Euro Group. Minister for Foreign Affairs 4 Article I-26 Article 24 The European Parliament shall deliver its opinion within a time-limit which the Council may set depending on the urgency of the matter. Article I-44(3), third, fourth and fifth subparagraphs, of the Constitution, Financial provisions B. 1. If a Member State persists in failing to put the Council's recommendations into practice, the Council may adopt a European decision giving notice to the Member State to take, within a specified time-limit, measures for the deficit reduction which the Council judges necessary to remedy the situation. 10 It is expected to be operational by 1 June 2020. This company shall also achieve higher productivity levels, through staff restructuring and reducing the costs of external services. Find out what other measures the EU has taken to combat the pandemic. Collective expulsions are prohibited. Article 2 3. Such laws or framework laws shall be adopted after consultation of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee. Protocol on the Pacific Financial Community franc system Products of the milling industry; malt and starches; gluten; inulin take concrete measures to enhance the availability, interoperability, flexibility and deployability of their forces, in particular by identifying common objectives regarding the commitment of forces, including possibly reviewing their national decision-making procedures; that pay for the same work at piece rates shall be calculated on the basis of the same unit of measurement; Decisions of the Grand Chamber shall be valid only if nine Judges are sitting. one alternate director nominated by the Commission. The Union shall constitute an area of freedom, security and justice with respect for fundamental rights and the different legal systems and traditions of the Member States.2. 2. The Conference agrees that the Union's action in the area of research and technological development will pay due respect to the fundamental orientations and choices of the research policies of the Member States. Environmental protection (a) Its members shall be completely independent in the performance of their duties, in the Union's general interest. Article III-338 Article III-155 No member shall engage in any occupation, whether gainful or not, unless exemption is exceptionally granted by the Governing Council. Everyone has the right of access to a free placement service. OJ C 172, 18.6.1999, p. (g) 1502 Taoiseach of the Council of the European Economic Community of 18 December 1959 ( Members of the European Parliament shall not be subject to any form of inquiry, detention or legal proceedings in respect of opinions expressed or votes cast by them in the performance of their duties. ).3. 1. For the purposes of this Protocol, &#x2018; draft European legislative acts &#x2019; shall mean proposals from the Commission, initiatives from a group of Member States, initiatives from the European Parliament, requests from the Court of Justice, recommendations from the European Central Bank and requests from the European Investment Bank for the adoption of a European legislative act. 33 The Commission may at any time decide to mandate an independent consultant to evaluate the monitoring results, undertake any research necessary and report to the Commission and the Council.17. The Council may, on a proposal from the Commission, adopt a European decision making the ordinary legislative procedure applicable to paragraph 1(d), (f) and (g). The Union shall ensure consistency between the different areas of its external action and between these and its other policies. Services shall be considered to be &#x2018; services &#x2019; for the purposes of the Constitution where they are normally provided for remuneration, insofar as they are not governed by the provisions relating to freedom of movement for persons, goods and capital. The President shall prepare the meetings of the General Council.4. Capacity reduction shall be measured only on the basis of permanent closure of production facilities by physical destruction such that the facilities cannot be restored to service. The Board of Governors shall determine the remuneration of members of the Management Committee and shall lay down what activities are incompatible with their duties.6. Article III-243 The Member States take note of the fact that the Government of Ireland has embarked upon the implementation of a policy of industrialisation and economic development designed to align the standards of living in Ireland with those of the other Member States and to eliminate underemployment while progressively evening out regional differences in levels of development. Article 61 Article 52 17. The principles set out in this Article have been based on Articles 2, 6 and 174 of the EC Treaty, which have now been replaced by Articles I-3(3), III-119 and III-233 of the Constitution. The beneficiary State shall exercise this responsibility without prejudice to the Commission's responsibility for the implementation of the Union's budget and in accordance with the provisions applicable to decentralised management in the said Financial Regulation or in the European law replacing it. Article III-123 Live trees and other plants; bulbs, roots and the like; cut flowers and ornamental foliage Valdas ADAMKUS an amount to be determined by the Governing Council, which may not exceed 20 % of the net profit, shall be transferred to the general reserve fund subject to a limit equal to 100 % of the capital; POLICIES IN OTHER AREAS Subsection 2 (d) With the exception of cases relating to disputes between the Union and its servants, an appeal may also be brought by Member States and institutions of the Union which did not intervene in the proceedings before the General Court. The United Kingdom shall exercise controls on persons crossing the external borders of the Sovereign Base Areas in accordance with the undertakings set out in Part Four of the Annex to Protocol 3 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003. The rights of the child (a) decide on the internal organisation of the Commission, ensuring that it acts consistently, efficiently and as a collegiate body; The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. 36. Air carriers particularly are under unprecedented pressure. shall be set out in separate sections of the budget, without prejudice to special arrangements for certain common items of expenditure. Article 9 The Commission shall promote the general interest of the Union and take appropriate initiatives to that end.