1. The initiative serves to coordinate resource distribution and cross-border cooperation, with a focus on the most affected regions. Cyprus 7. The Council shall adopt the European decisions necessary for defining and implementing the common foreign and security policy on the basis of the general guidelines and strategic lines defined by the European Council. 1. 1 January 1995, for the Treaty concerning the accession of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden. Notwithstanding the second paragraph, the European Central Bank shall, in accordance with the general principles common to the laws of the Member States, make good any damage caused by it or by its servants in the performance of their duties. The Council shall adopt unanimously a European regulation laying down the rules governing the languages of the Union's institutions, without prejudice to the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union. During the plenary session on 17 April, MEPs approved financial assistance for hard-hit fishing communities and aquaculture farmers . A European framework law shall be a legislative act binding, as to the result to be achieved, upon each Member State to which it is addressed, but shall leave to the national authorities the choice of form and methods. The multiannual financial framework It shall meet, without requiring to be convened, on the second Tuesday in March. 1. THE COMMON SECURITY AND DEFENCE POLICY in the territory of any other Member State, immunity from any measure of detention and from legal proceedings. to stay in a Member State for the purpose of employment in accordance with the provisions governing the employment of nationals of that State laid down by law, regulation or administrative action; Sole article Article III-228 These provisions shall have the same status in law as the acts which they repeal or amend and shall be subject to the same rules as those acts. Article 5 45 24 1. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, Gedaan te Roma, de negenentwintigste oktober tweeduizendvier. Member States participating in the task shall keep the Council regularly informed of its progress on their own initiative or at the request of another Member State. Everyone is entitled to a fair and public hearing within a reasonable time by an independent and impartial tribunal previously established by law. The objectives of the Constitution shall, in matters governed by this Section, be pursued within the framework of a common transport policy. The European Council may, at the same time or subsequently, adopt a European decision amending paragraph 1 in order to extend the powers of the European Public Prosecutor's Office to include serious crime having a cross-border dimension and amending accordingly paragraph 2 as regards the perpetrators of, and accomplices in, serious crimes affecting more than one Member State. (d) ensuring the absence of any controls on persons, whatever their nationality, when crossing internal borders; Article III-158 The Union and the Member States shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organisations in the sphere of vocational training. acquis Protocol on the location of the seats of the institutions and of certain bodies, offices, agencies and departments of the European Union HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND, 2. research into the field of the fuel cycle (more especially the mining and processing of low-grade uranium ore; optimisation of fuel elements for power reactors). acquis Also that day, the security and defence committee will look into arms exports, artificial intelligence as well as EU-African security cooperation in the Sahel region, West Africa and the Horn of Africa. Some measures have already been taken to support media freedom and protect journalists. The Union shall develop a common policy on asylum, subsidiary protection and temporary protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement. THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES, - European laws or framework laws shall establish the measures necessary to help achieve the objectives referred to in paragraph 1, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. The quantitative restrictions applied by the Union on imports of steel and steel products shall be adjusted on the basis of imports by new Member States during the years immediately preceding the signing of the Accession Treaty of steel products originating in the supplier countries concerned. 21. The freedom and pluralism of the media shall be respected. Celex Test 36. to define the respective functions of the Commission and of the Court of Justice of the European Union in applying the provisions laid down in this paragraph; (d) Subject to the other provisions of this paragraph, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt European regulations or decisions laying down detailed rules and definitions for the application of the said Protocol. 1507 Expresses concern over whether the Member States are paying sufficient attention to the mental health implications of the crisis and calls for the organisation of an EU-wide mental health campaign that advises citizens on how to safeguard mental well-being in the present circumstances and on where to seek advice when needed; In international organisations and at international conferences where not all the Member States participate, those which do take part shall uphold the Union's positions. rule on actions brought by a Member State, an institution or a natural or legal person; Declaration on Article I-27 MEPs will also discuss the use of contact tracing apps in the fight against the coronavirus during the plenary session on 13-16 May. A Member State, the European Parliament, the Council or the Commission may obtain the opinion of the Court of Justice as to whether an agreement envisaged is compatible with the Constitution. *** signature *** on a proposal from the Commission, or TITLE I 35 Article III-232 Those Member States whose military capabilities fulfil higher criteria and which have made more binding commitments to one another in this area with a view to the most demanding missions shall establish permanent structured cooperation within the Union framework. TAKING INTO ACCOUNT the need to maintain a special relationship with the Republic of Iceland and the Kingdom of Norway, both States being bound by the provisions of the Nordic passport union, together with the Nordic States which are members of the European Union; Determined to assist Lithuania in fulfilling the conditions for full participation in the Schengen area without internal frontiers as soon as possible, European laws and framework laws shall explicitly lay down the conditions to which the delegation is subject; these conditions may be as follows: Protocol on certain provisions relating to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as regards economic and monetary union 12 MEPs voted remotely due to the COVID-19 crisis. Protecting democracy, rule of law and fundamental rights As from 1 May 2004, and, where appropriate, pending the conclusion of the necessary protocols referred to in paragraph 1, the new Member States shall apply the provisions of the Agreements concluded by the present Member States and, jointly, the Community, with Algeria, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Croatia, Egypt, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Georgia, Israel, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, Romania, the Russian Federation, San Marino, South Africa, South Korea, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan as well as the provisions of other agreements concluded jointly by the present Member States and the Community before 1 May 2004. Article 4 Paragraphs 1 and 2 shall apply to the European Council when it is acting by a qualified majority.4. The Council, on a recommendation from the Commission, shall adopt the European decisions and recommendations referred to in paragraphs 8 to 11. Protocol on certain provisions relating to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as regards economic and monetary union The vacancy thus caused shall be filled for the remainder of the member's term of office. 18. The contribution under the Ignalina Programme may, for certain measures, amount to up to 100 % of the total expenditure. Article 3 (b) the right of association and collective bargaining between employers and workers. The Presidents of the chambers of five Judges shall be elected for three years. The members of the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee shall not be bound by any mandatory instructions. Article III-379 Article 11 In Articles 38, 82, 96 and 98 of the EAEC Treaty the term &#x2018; directive &#x2019; shall be replaced by the term &#x2018; European regulation &#x2019; .5. 1. It falls within the framework of the Innovative Medicines Initiative , a public-private partnership between the EU and the pharmaceutical industry, which is also funded through Horizon 2020. (a) Until entry into force of the European decision referred to in Article III-386 of the Constitution, the allocation of members of the Committee of the Regions shall be as follows: New requirements for medical devices postponed 46. Article 66 (e) The Hon Michael FRENDO For this purpose the second and third subparagraphs of Article III-197(4) of the Constitution shall apply.