Right not to be tried or punished twice in criminal proceedings for the same criminal offence The European Central Bank and the national central banks of those Member States whose currency is the euro shall constitute the Eurosystem.2. 1. Sweden conduct credit operations with credit institutions and other market participants, with lending being based on adequate collateral. 9 one alternate nominated by common accord between the Kingdom of Denmark, the Hellenic Republic and Ireland, Applications to the Bank may also be made either through the Commission or through the Member State on whose territory the investment will be carried out. These activities of the Member States and the Union shall entail compliance with the following guiding principles: stable prices, sound public finances and monetary conditions and a stable balance of payments. SECTION 2 of verifying the right to enter the United Kingdom of citizens of Member States and of their dependants exercising rights conferred by Union law, as well as citizens of other States on whom such rights have been conferred by an agreement by which the United Kingdom is bound; and 6,30 ), it applies under the conditions defined in these two Articles. 1. the observance of the normal fluctuation margins provided for by the exchange-rate mechanism of the European monetary system, for at least two years, without devaluing against the euro; Where the Commission delivers an unfavourable opinion, the Board of Directors may not grant the finance concerned unless its decision is unanimous, the director nominated by the Commission abstaining.7. 24 The Court of Justice of the European Union The following have also signed this Final Act, in their capacity as candidate States for accession to the European Union, having been observers to the Conference: The right guaranteed in paragraph 1 corresponds to the right guaranteed in Article 9 of the ECHR and, in accordance with Article 52(3) of the Charter( The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament. high temperature gas loop; 1. The aid shall only be granted once. As from the date on which the number of members of the Governing Council exceeds 21, each member of the Executive Board shall have one vote and the number of governors with a voting right shall be 15. European laws shall establish general action programmes which set out priority objectives to be attained. (ii) 19 Such exclusive or partially exclusive licences shall be granted on a normal commercial basis. Those Member States shall not impede its implementation by the participating Member States. Article III-207 24 If transitional measures are necessary to facilitate the transition from the existing regime in the new Member States to that resulting from the application of the common agricultural policy under the conditions set out in this Protocol, such measures shall be adopted by the Commission in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 42(2) of Council Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 of 19 June 2001 on the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector ( Finland 27. Major European cities have registered major decreases in nitrogen dioxide (NO2) concentration, some by half. Proceedings against such measures may be instituted by any member of such a body in its capacity as such or by Member States under the conditions laid down in Article III-365 of the Constitution.6. (d) The adopted measures will allow member states to transfer resources between the three main cohesion funds (the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund), between the different categories of regions and between the funds' specific priority areas. HAVE AGREED upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community: (f) On 13 March 2020, within its European coordinated &#x2018; 1. the terms set out in the restructuring plan on the basis of which the abovementioned Protocol was extended are adhered to throughout the period 2002-2006; SECTION 4 (c) - Czech Republic An appeal may be brought before the Court of Justice, within two months of the notification of the decision appealed against, against final decisions of the General Court and decisions of that Court disposing of the substantive issues in part only or disposing of a procedural issue concerning a plea of lack of competence or inadmissibility. Articles so imported shall not be disposed of, whether or not in return for payment, in the territory of the State into which they have been imported, except under conditions approved by the government of that State. ( 2. The Union Minister for Foreign Affairs shall organise this coordination. Nor shall he be so regarded if he has at any time been ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom for five years. exercise the powers provided in Articles 9 and 11 in respect of the appointment and the compulsory retirement of the members of the Board of Directors and of the Management Committee, and those powers provided for in the second subparagraph of Article 11(1); In accordance with Article 52(2) of the Charter( (c) Petros G. TITLE VIII Exorbitant prices due to the alleged healing powers of the products 14 The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament and the European Central Bank. (c) (a) aid having a social character, granted to individual consumers, provided that such aid is granted without discrimination related to the origin of the products concerned; regions by means of a dedicated exceptional support fund focused on the healthcare system and sectors hit by the COVID-19 outbreak, and people at risk of poverty or social exclusion, who all run the greatest risk of being infected with COVID-19 but also suffer the most from its economic effects; calls for measures to protect tenants from eviction during the crisis and the creation of safe havens for those who need shelter; calls for a comprehensive anti-poverty strategy, with a European Child Guarantee; urges the EU and the Member States to incorporate a gender analysis across all response efforts in order to avoid exacerbating gender inequalities, to ensure that services for victims of violence remain open, and to reinforce helpline services, emergency shelters for victims, online legal support and reporting services in order to combat and protect all women and children from domestic and gender-based violence; recalls that relevant measures need to be in line with the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, ensuring equal and non-discriminatory access to social and healthcare services, as well as adopting specific measures aiming at the protection of persons with disabilities, based on consultations and involvement of persons with disabilities, through their representative family members or organisations, when adopting measures that affect them; Celex Test TITLE IX The Member States declare their intention of taking greater account of the contributive capacity of individual Member States in the system of own resources, and of examining means of correcting, for the less prosperous Member States, regressive elements existing in the present own resources system. Slovakia 2. Everyone has the right to liberty and security of person. (d) Making AI European: committee debates European laws shall establish implementing measures relating to the European Regional Development Fund. ) The Conference notes that Article III-167(2)(c) shall be interpreted in accordance with the existing case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and of the Court of First Instance regarding the applicability of the provisions to aid granted to certain areas of the Federal Republic of Germany affected by the former division of Germany. The sum to be contributed shall be determined by multiplying the amount of the reserves, as defined above and as stated in the approved balance sheet of the European Central Bank, by the ratio between the number of shares subscribed by the central bank concerned and the number of shares already paid up by the other central banks.3. shall implement any measures that may prove necessary to ensure the interoperability of the networks, in particular in the field of technical standardisation; Article II-111 The severity of penalties must not be disproportionate to the criminal offence. Where a Member State and an institution are challenging the same act, the General Court shall decline jurisdiction so that the Court of Justice may rule on those applications. SECTION 3 The European law referred to in Article III-412 shall establish the control and audit obligations of the Member States in the implementation of the budget and the resulting responsibilities. The Judges shall be immune from legal proceedings. Each Member State with a derogation shall treat its exchange-rate policy as a matter of common interest. The Rules of Procedure shall specify the qualifications required of the members of the Committee and lay down the terms and conditions for the Committee's activity. Restructuring of the Czech steel sector, as described in the individual business plans of the companies listed in Annex 1 to Protocol 2 to the Act of Accession of 16 April 2003 (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; benefiting companies &#x2019; ), and in line with the conditions set out in this Title, shall be completed no later than 31 December 2006 (hereinafter referred to as &#x2018; the end of the restructuring period &#x2019; ).3. 1. European laws or framework laws may establish specific measures in support of action taken in the Member States to achieve the objectives set out in paragraph 1, excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the Member States. Covid-19: what Parliament is doing to mitigate the crisis Beyond what is already being done, Europe needs a massive recovery and reconstruction package to be financed by an increased long-term budget (MFF), existing EU funds and financial instruments, as well as "recovery bonds" guaranteed by the EU budget, MEPs say. Explanation Article III-132 necessary to constitute a blocking minority resulting from the application of Article I-25(1), first subparagraph, or Article I-25(2), indicate their opposition to the Council adopting an act by a qualified majority, the Council shall discuss the issue. Article I-59(5), second and third subparagraphs, of the Constitution, Explanation 2. References to the United Kingdom in this Article shall include territories for whose external relations the United Kingdom is responsible. Article II-70